 Goes past too fast, she said.
I need to count the wheels because in the movies it is a GWR Class , which is a four six zero configuration.
I did not know you are a trainspotter, I said.
I am not, she said and punched me in the arm.
That is about collecting numbers, while this was about verifying a theory.
Did you see the train.
asked Lesley.
No, she said.
I saw a ghost.
Which is why I came looking for Peter.
I asked where she saw the ghost and she showed us the chalk lines shed drawn.
And you are sure this is where it appeared.
I asked.
He appeared, said Abigail.
I keep telling you it is a he.
He not here now, I said.
Course he is not, said Abigail.
If he were here all the time then someone else would have reported him by now.
It was a good point and I made a mental note to check the reports when I got back to the Folly.
Id found a service room off the mundane library that contained filing cabinets full of papers from before World War Two.
Among them, notebooks filled with handwritten ghost sightings as far as I could tell, ghost spotting had been the hobby of choice among adolescent wizards to be.
Did you take a picture.
asked Lesley.
I had my phone ready and everything for the train, said Abigail.
But by the time I thought of taking a picture hed gone.
Feel anything.
Lesley asked me.
There was a chill when I stepped into the spot where the ghost had stood, a whiff of butane that cut through the fox urine and wet concrete, a Mutley the dog snigger and the hollow chest roar of a really big diesel engine.
Magic leaves an imprint on its surroundings.
The technical term we use is vestigium.
Stone absorbs it best and living things the least.
Concrete almost as good as stone, but even so the traces can be faint and almost indistinguishable from the artifacts of your own imagination.
Learning which is which is a key skill if you want to practice magic.
The chill was probably the weather, and the snigger, real or imagined, originated with Abigail.
The smell of propane and diesel roar hinted at a familiar tragedy.
Well.
asked Lesley.
I am better at vestigium than she is, and not just because I have been apprenticed longer.
Something here, I said.
You want to make a light.
Lesley pulled the battery out of her mobile and told Abigail to follow suit.
Because, I said when the girl hesitated, the magic will destroy the chips if they are connected up.
You do not have to if you do not want to.
It is your phone.
Abigail pulled out last year Ericsson, cracked it open with practiced ease, and removed the battery.
I nodded at Lesley my phone has a manual switch Id retrofitted with the help of one of my cousins who been cracking mobiles since he was twelve.
Lesley held out her hand, said the magic word, and conjured a golf ball sized globe of light that hovered above her open palm.
The magic word in this case was lux, and the colloquial name for the spell is a werelight it is the first spell you ever learn.
Lesley werelight cast a pearly light that threw soft edged shadows against the tunnel concrete walls.
Whoa.
said Abigail.
You guys can do magic.
There he is, said Lesley.
A young man appeared by the wall.
He was white, in his late teens or early twenties, with a shock of unnaturally blond hair gelled into spikes.
He was dressed in cheap white sneakers, jeans, and a workman jacket.
He was holding a can of spray paint in his hand and was using it to carefully describe an arc on the concrete.
The hiss was barely audible and there was no sign of fresh paint being laid down.
When he paused to shake the can, the rattling sound was muffled.
Lesley werelight dimmed and at the same time reddened.
Give it some more, I told her.
She concentrated and her werelight flared before dimming again.
The hiss grew louder and now I could see what he was spraying.
Hed been ambitious writing a sentence that started up near the entrance.
Be excellent to read Abigail.
What is that supposed to mean.
I put my fingers to my lips and glanced at Lesley, who tilted her head to show she could keep up the magic all day if need be not that I was going to let her.
I pulled out my standard issue police notebook and got my pen ready.
Excuse me, I said in my best policeman voice.
Could I have a word.
They actually teach you how to do the voice at Hendon.
The aim is to achieve a tone that cuts through whatever fog of alcohol, belligerence, or randomized guilt the member of the public is floating in.
The young man ignored me.
He pulled a second spray can from his jacket pocket and began shading the edges of a capital E.
I tried a couple more times but he seemed intent on finishing the word EACH.
Oi, sunshine, said Lesley.
Put that down, turn round, and talk to us.
The hissing stopped, the spray cans went back in the pockets, and the young man turned.
His face was pale and angular and his eyes were hidden behind a pair of smoked Ozzy Osbourne specs.
I am busy, he said.
We can see that, I said, and showed him my warrant card.
What is your name.
Macky, he said and turned back to his work.
I am busy.
What you doing.
asked Lesley.
I am making the world a better place, said Macky.
It is a ghost, said Abigail incredulously.
You brought us here, I said.
Yeah, but when I saw him he was thinner, said Abigail.
Much thinner.
I explained that he was feeding off the magic Lesley was generating, which led to the question I always dread.
So what is magic, then.
asked Abigail.
We do not know, I said.
It is not any form of electromagnetic radiation.
That I do know.
Maybe it is brain waves, said Abigail.
Probably not, I said.
Because that would be electrochemical and it would still have to involve some kind of physical manifestation if it was going to be projected out of your head.
So just chalk it up to pixie dust or quantum entanglement, which was the same thing as pixie dust except with the word quantum in it.
Are we going to talk to this guy or not.
asked Lesley.
Because otherwise I am going to turn this off.
Her werelight bobbed over her palm.
Oi, Macky, I called.
A word in your shell like.
Macky had returned to his art finishing up the shading on the H in EACH.
I am busy, he said.
I am making the world a better place.
How are you planning to do that.
I asked.
Macky finished the H to his satisfaction and stepped back to admire his handiwork.
Wed all been careful to stay as far from the tracks as possible, but either Macky was taking a risk or, most likely, hed just forgotten.
I saw Abigail mouth Oh shit as she realized what was going to happen.
Because said Macky, and then he was hit by the ghost train.
It went past us invisible and silent but for a blast of heat and the smell of diesel.
Macky was swatted off the track to land in a crumple just the below the X in EXCELLENT.
There was a gurgling sound and his leg twitched for a couple of seconds before he went quite still.
Then he faded, and with him his graffiti.
Can I stop now.
asked Lesley.
The werelight remained dim Macky was still drawing its power.
Just a little bit longer, I said.
I heard a faint rattle, and looking back toward the mouth of the tunnel I saw a dim and transparent figure start spraying the outline of a balloon B.
Cyclical, I wrote in my notebook, repeating insentient.
I told Lesley she could shut down her werelight, and Macky vanished.
Abigail, who had cautiously flattened herself against the wall of the tunnel, watched as me and Lesley did a quick search along the strip of ground beside the track.
Halfway back toward the entrance I pulled the dusty and cracked remains of Macky spectacles from amid the sand and scattered ballast.
I held them in my hand and closed my eyes.
When it comes to vestigia, metal and glass are both unpredictable, but I caught, faintly, a couple of bars of a rock guitar solo.
I made a note of the glasses physical confirmation of the ghost is existence and wondered whether to take them home.
Would removing something that integral to the ghost from the location have an effect on it.
And if removing it did damage or destroy the ghost, did it matter.
Was a ghost a person.
I have not read even ten percent of the books in the mundane library about ghosts.
In fact, I have mostly only read the textbooks that Nightingale assigned me, and stuff like Wolfe and Polidori, which Id come across during investigations.
From what I have read it is clear that attitudes toward ghosts, among official wizards, have changed over time.
Sir Isaac Newton, founder of modern magic, seemed to regard them as an irritating distraction from the beauty of his nice clean universe.
There was a mad rush during the seventeenth century to classify them in the manner of plants or animals, and during the Enlightenment there was a lot of earnest discussion about free will.
The Victorians divided neatly into those who regarded ghosts as souls to be saved and those who thought them a form of spiritual pollution to be exorcised.
In the s, as relativity and quantum theory arrived to unsettle the leather upholstery of the Folly, the speculation got a bit excitable and the poor old spirits of the departed were seized upon as convenient test subjects for all manner of magical experiments.
The consensus being that they were little more than gramophone recordings of past lives and therefore occupied the same ethical status as fruit flies in a genetics lab.
Id asked Nightingale about this, but he said he had not spent a lot of time at the Folly in those days.
Out and about in the Empire and beyond, hed said.
I asked him what hed been doing.
I remember writing a great many reports.
But to what purpose I was never entirely sure.
I did not think they were souls but until I knew what they were I was going to err on the side of ethical conduct.
I scrapped out a shallow depression in the ballast just where Abigail had made her mark and buried the glasses there.
I made a note of time and location for transfer to the files back at the Folly.
Lesley made a note of the location of the hole in the fence, but I was the one who had to call into the British Transport Police on account of her still, officially, being on medical leave.
We bought Abigail a Twix and a can of Coke and extracted a promise that shed stay off the railway tracks, Hogwart is Express or no Hogwart is Express.
I was hoping that Macky ghostly demise would be enough to keep her away on its own.
Then we dropped her off back at the flats and headed back to Russell Square.
That coat was too small for her, said Lesley.
And what kind of teenage girl goes looking for steam trains.
You think there trouble at home.
I asked.
Lesley jammed her index finger under the bottom edge of her mask and scratched.
This is not fucking hypoallergenic, she said.
You could take it off, I said.
We are nearly back.
I think you should register your concern with Social Services, said Lesley.
Have you logged your minutes yet.
Just because you know her family, said Lesley, does not mean you will be doing her any favors if you ignore the problem.
I will talk to my mum, I said.
How many minutes.
Five, she said.
More like ten.
Lesley only supposed to do so much magic per day.
It was one of the conditions laid down by Dr.
Walid when he signed off on her apprenticeship.
Plus she had to keep a log on what magic she does, and once a week had to schlep over to the University College Hospital and stick her head in an MRI while he checked her brain for lesions that are the early signs of hyperthaumaturgical degradation.
The price of using too much magic is a massive stroke, if you are lucky, or a fatal brain aneurysm, if you are not.
The fact that, prior to the advent of magnetic resonance imaging, the first warning sign of overuse was dropping dead is one of the many reasons magic has never really taken off as a hobby.
Five minutes, she said.
We compromised and called it six.
DETECTIVE INSPECTOR Thomas Nightingale is my boss, my governor, and my master purely in the teacher pupil teacher sense of the term, you understand and on Sundays we generally have an early dinner in the so called private dining room.
He a shade shorter than I am, slim, brown hair, gray eyes, looks forty but is much, much older.
While he does not routinely dress for dinner, he always gives me the strong impression that he only holds back out of courtesy to me.
We were having pork in plum sauce, although for some reason Molly felt that the ideal side dish was Yorkshire pudding and cabbage sauted with sugar.
As usual Lesley chose to eat in her room I did not blame her it is hard to eat a Yorkshire pudding with dignity.
I have got a little jaunt into the countryside for you tomorrow, said Nightingale.
Oh yeah.
I said.
Where to this time.
Henley on Thames.
What is in Henley.
I asked.
A possible Little Crocodile, said Nightingale.
Professor Postmartin did a bit of digging for us and uncovered some additional members.
Everybody wants to be a detective, I said.
Although Postmartin, as keeper of the archives and old Oxford hand himself, was uniquely suited to tracking down those students we thought might have been illegally taught magic.
At least two of these had graduated to total bastard evil magician status, one active back in the s and one who was alive and well and had tried to knock me off a roof back in the autumn.
Wed been five stories up so I took it personally.
I believe Postmartin has always fancied himself as an amateur sleuth, said Nightingale.
Particularly if it is largely a matter of gathering university gossip.
He thinks he found one in Henley and another residing in our fair city at the Barbican no less.
I want you to drive up to Henley tomorrow and have a sniff around, see if he a practitioner.
You know the drill.
Lesley and I shall visit the other.
I mopped up the plum sauce with the last of my Yorkshire pudding.
Henley a bit off my patch, I said.
All the more reason for you to expand your horizons, said Nightingale.
I did think you might combine it with a pastoral visit to Beverley Brook.
I believe she currently living on that stretch of the Thames.
On the Thames, or in it.
I wondered.
Id like that, I said.
I thought you might, said Nightingale.
FOR SOME inexplicable reason, the Metropolitan Police does not have a standard form for ghosts, so I had to bodge one together on an Excel spreadsheet.
In the old days every police station used to have a collator an officer whose job it was to maintain boxes of card files full of information on local criminals, old cases, gossip, and anything else that might lead the blue uniformed champions of justice to kick down the right door.
Or at least a door in the right neighborhood.
There actually a collator office preserved at Hendon College, a dusty room lined wall to wall and top to bottom with index card boxes.
Cadets are shown this room and told, in hushed terms, of the far off days of the last century, when all the information was written down on pieces of paper.
These days, provided you have the right access, you log into your Aware terminal to access CRIS, for crime reports Crimint, for criminal intelligence NCALT, for training programs or Merlin, which deals with crimes against or involving children and get your information within seconds.
The Folly, being the official repository of the stuff that right thinking police officers do not want to talk about and, least of all, have floating around the electronic reporting system for any Tom, Dick, or Daily Mail reporter to get hold of, gets its information the old fashioned way by word of mouth.
Most of it goes to Nightingale, who writes it out in a very legible hand, I might add on paper, which I then file after transferring the basics to a five by three card that goes into the appropriate section of the mundane library index card catalogue.
Unlike Nightingale, I type up my reports on my laptop, using my spreadsheet form, print them, and then file them in the library.
I estimate that the mundane library has over three thousand files, not counting all the ghost spotting books left uncollated in the s.
I intended one day to get it all onto a database possibly by teaching Molly to type.
Paperwork done, I did half an hour all I could stand of Pliny the Elder, whose lasting claim to fame is for writing the first encyclopedia and sailing a tad too close to Vesuvius on its big day.
Then I took Toby for a walk around Russell Square, popped in for a pint in the Marquis and then back to the Folly and bed.
In a unit consisting of one chief inspector and one constable, it is not the chief inspector who is on call in the middle of the night.
After accidentally burning out three mobiles, Id taken to leaving mine turned off while inside the Folly.
But this meant that in the event of a work related call, Molly would answer the phone downstairs and then inform me by silently standing in my bedroom doorway until I woke up out of sheer creepiness.
Leaving a Please Knock sign on my door had no effect, nor did locking it firmly and wedging a chair under the doorknob.
Now, I love Molly cooking, but she nearly ate me once.
So the thought of her gliding into my room uninvited while I was kipping meant I found myself getting very little in the way of useful sleep.
So by dint of a couple days of hard work, and with the assistance of a curator from the Science Museum, I ran a coaxial extension up into my bedroom.
Now when the mighty army for justice that is the Metropolitan Police needs my specialist services, it sends a signal up a jacketed copper wire and sets off an electromagnetic bell in a Bakelite phone that was manufactured five years before my dad was born.
It is like being woken up by a musical jackhammer but it is better than the alternative.
Lesley calls it the bat phone.
It woke me up just past three oclock in the morning.
Get up, Peter, said Detective Inspector Stephanopoulos.
It is time for you to do some proper policing.
MONDAY CHAPTER Baker Street I MISS the company of other police.
Do not get me wrong, my assignment at the Folly has given me a shot at Detective Constable at least two years ahead of schedule, but what with the current unit complement being me, Detective Inspector Nightingale, and, possibly soon, PC Lesley May, it is not like I go about my duties mob handed.
It is one of those things you do not miss until it is gone, the smell of wet waterproofs in the locker room, the rush for a terminal in the PC writing room on a Friday morning when they put the new jobs on the system, grunting and joking at the A.M.
briefing.
That feeling of there being a lot of you in one place, all mainly caring about the same stuff.
Which was why when I saw the sea of blue lights outside the Baker Street Underground station it was a little bit like coming home.
Rising out of the lights was the three meter statue of Sherlock Holmes complete with deerstalker and hash pipe there to oversee our detective work and ensure that it was held to the highest fictional standards.
The metal lattice gates were folded back and a couple of PCs from the British Transport Police were tucked inside as if hiding from Sherlock stern gaze, but more likely because it was freezing.
They barely looked at my warrant card, waving me through on the basis that nobody else but a police officer would be stupid enough to be out that early.
I went down the stairs to the main ticket hall.
A bunch of guys in high visibility jackets and heavy boots were standing around drinking coffee, chatting, and playing games on their phones.
That night is routine engineering work was definitely not getting done expect delays.
Baker Street opened in but most of it is retrofitted cream tile, wood paneling, and wrought iron from the s, itself overgrown with layers of cables, junction boxes, speakers, and CCTV cameras.
It is not that hard to find the bodies at a major crime, even one at a complicated scene like an Underground station you just look for the highest concentration of disposable paper suits and head that way.
When I stepped out onto platform three, the far end looked like an anthrax outbreak.
It had to be foul play, then, because you do not get this much attention if you are a suicide or one of the five to ten people that manage to accidentally kill themselves on the Underground each year.
Platform three was built in the old cut and cover system in which you got a couple of thousand navvies to dig a bloody great big trench, then you put a railway at the bottom and covered it over again.
They ran steam trains back then, so half the length of the station was open to the sky to let the steam out and the weather in.
Getting onto a crime scene is like getting into a club as far as the bouncer is concerned, if you are not on the list you do not get in.
The list in this case being the crime scene log, and the bouncer being a very serious looking BTP constable.
I told him my name and rank and he glanced over to where a short stocky woman with an unfortunate flattop was glowering at us from farther up the platform.
This was the newly minted Detective Inspector Miriam Stephanopoulos and, I realized, it was her first official shout as a D.I.
Wed worked together before, which is probably why she hesitated before nodding to the constable.
That is the other way you get into the crime scene by knowing the management.
I signed into the logbook and availed myself of one of the forensic suits draped over a folding chair.
Once I was kitted out I walked over to where Stephanopoulos was supervising the Exhibits Officer as he in turn supervised the forensic team swarming over the far end of the platform.
Morning, boss, I said.
You rang.
Peter, she said.
Around the Met it is rumored she keeps a collection of human testicles in a jar by her bed souvenirs courtesy of the men unwise enough to express a humorous opinion about her sexual orientation.
Mind you I have also heard that she had a big house outside the North Circular where she and her partner kept chickens, but I never worked up the nerve to ask her about it.
The guy lying dead at the end of platform three had once been handsome, but he was not anymore.
He was lying on his side, his face resting on his outflung arm, his back half curled and his legs bent at the knees.
Not quite what the pathologists call the pugilistic position, more like the recovery position Id been taught in first aid.
Was he moved.
I asked.
The station manager found him like that, said Stephanopoulos.
He was wearing pre faded jeans and a navy suit jacket over a black cashmere roll neck sweater.
The jacket was good quality fabric cut really well definitely bespoke.
Weirdly, though, on his feet, he wore a pair of Doctor Martens, classic type work boots, not shoes.
They were encrusted with mud from their soles to the third eyelet.
The leather above the mud line was matte, supple, uncracked practically brand new.
He was white, his face pale, straight nose, strong chin.
Like I said, probably handsome.
His hair was fair and cut into an emo fringe style, with long bangs that hung lankly across his forehead.
His eyes were closed.
All of these details would already have been noted by Stephanopoulos and her team.
Even as I crouched beside the body, half a dozen forensic techs were waiting to take up samples from anything that was not firmly nailed down, and behind them another set of techs with cutting tools to get all the stuff that was.
My job was a bit different.
I put my face mask and protective glasses on, got my face as close to the body as I could without touching it, and closed my eyes.
Human bodies retain vestigia very badly, but any magic powerful enough to kill someone directly if that was what had happened is powerful enough to leave a trace.
Just using my normal complement of senses, I detected blood, dust, and a urine smell that was definitely not foxes this time.
As far as I could tell there was no vestigium associated with the body.
I pulled back and looked around at Stephanopoulos.
She frowned.
Whyd you call me in.
I asked There just something off about this job, she said.
I figured Id rather have you check it now than have to call you in later.
Like after breakfast, when I was awake.
But I did not say that.
You do not.
Not when going out at all hours is practically the working definition of a police officer job.
I have got nothing, I said.
Could not you Stephanopoulos gave a little wave with her hand.
We do not generally explain how we do things to the rest of the Met apart from anything else, because we make most of our procedures up as we go along.
As a result, senior officers like Stephanopoulos know we do something but they are not really sure what it is.
I stepped away from the body, and the waiting forensic types swarmed past me to finish processing the scene.
Who is he.
I asked.
We do not know yet, said Stephanopoulos.
Single stab wound to the lower back and the blood trail leads back into the tunnel.
We can not tell whether he was dragged or staggered up here himself.
I looked down the tunnel.
Cut and cover tunnels have their tracks running side by side, just like an outdoor railway, which meant that both tracks would have to stay shut down while they were searched.
Which direction is that.
I asked.
Id got turned around somewhere back on the mezzanine level.
Eastbound, said Stephanopoulos.
Back toward Euston and Kings Cross.
And it is worse than that.
She pointed down the tunnel where it curved to the left.
Just past the curve is the junction with the District and Hammersmith, so we are going to have to close down the whole interchange.
Transport for London going to love that, I said.
Stephanopoulos barked a short laugh.
They are already loving it, she said.
The tube was due to reopen in less than three hours for the day normal service, and if the tracks at Baker Street were closed, then the whole system was going to seize up on the opening Monday of the last shopping week before Christmas.
Stephanopoulos was right, though there was something off about the scene.
More than just a dead guy.
When I glanced up the tunnel I got a flash, not of vestigia but of something older, that instinct we all inherit from the evolutionary gap between coming out of the trees and inventing the big stick.
From when we were just a bunch of skinny bipedal apes in a world full of apex predators.
Back when we were lunch on legs.
The warning that tells you that something is watching you.
Want me to have a look down the tunnel.
I asked.
I thought youd never ask, said Stephanopoulos.
PEOPLE HAVE funny ideas about police officers.
For one thing they seem to think we are perfectly happy to rush into whatever emergency there is without any thought of our own safety.
And it is true that like firefighters and soldiers, we tend to go in the wrong direction vis  vis trouble, but it does not mean we do not think.
One thing we think about is the electrified third rail and just how easy it is to kill yourself on it.
The safety briefing on the joys of electrification were delivered to me and the waiting forensic types by a cheerful looking sergeant named Jaget Kumar.
He was that rare breed, a BTP officer whod done the five week course on track safety that allows you to traipse around the heavy engineering even when the tracks are live.
Not that you want to do that, said Kumar.
The principal safety tip when dealing with live rails is not to get on the track in the first place.
I went in behind Kumar while the rest of the forensic team hung back.
They might not have been sure what it is I really do, but they understood the principle of not contaminating the crime scene.
Besides, that way they could wait and see whether Kumar and I were electrocuted before putting themselves in danger.
Kumar waited until we were safely out of earshot before asking whether I really was from the Ghostbusters.
What.
I asked.
The SAU, said Kumar.
The Ghostbusters.
Officially we are the Specialist Crime Directorate otherwise known as the Specialist Assessment Unit otherwise known as the Folly otherwise known as the ones you go to if things get weird.
At least that is what we are this year the Met likes to reorganize on a three year rolling program.
Presumably because it makes it harder for criminals to work out who arresting them.
Sort of, I said.
Is it true you investigate Kumar paused and fished around for an acceptable term.
unusual phenomena.
We do not do UFOs and alien abductions, I said, because that is usually the second question.
Who does the alien stuff.
asked Kumar.
I glanced at him and saw he was taking the piss.
Can we keep our mind on the job.
I said.
The blood trail was easy to follow.
He kept to the side, said Kumar.
Away from the center rail.
He shone his torch on a clear boot print in the ballast.
He was staying off the sleepers, which makes me think that he had some variety of safety training.
Why that.
I asked.
If you have to walk the tracks with the juice on then you stay off the sleepers.
They are slippery.
You slip, you fall, you put your hands out and zap.
Zap, I said.
That is the technical term for it, is it.
What do you call someone who been zapped.
Mr.
Crispy, said Kumar.
That is the best you guys can come up with.
Kumar shrugged.
It is not like it is a major priority.
We were around the curve and out of sight of the platform when we reached the place where the blood trail started.
So far the ballast and dirt of the track bed had been pretty efficient at soaking up the blood, but here my torch flashed on a sleek irregular pool of dark red.
I am going to check farther up the tracks see if I can find where he got in, said Kumar.
Will you be all right here.
Do not worry about me, I said.
I am good.
I crouched down and methodically quartered the area around the pool of blood with the beam of my torch.
Less then half a meter back toward the platform I found a brown leather oblong and my torch reflected off the shiny face of a dead or deactivated phone.
I almost picked it up but stopped myself.
I was wearing gloves, had a pocket full of evidence bags and labels, and had this been an assault or a burglary or any other lesser offense Id have bagged and tagged it myself.
But this was a murder inquiry, and woe betide any officer who breaks the chain of evidence, for they will be sat down and have what went wrong with the O.
Simpson murder trial explained to them at great length.
With PowerPoint slides.
I pulled my airwave set out of my pocket, fumbled the batteries back in, called the Exhibits Officer, and told him I had some exhibits for him.
I was double checking the area while I waited when I noticed something odd about the pool of blood.
Blood is thicker than water, especially when it is started to congeal, and so a pool of it does not flatten out in the same way.
And, I noticed, it can obscure the thing it is covering.
I leaned in as close as I could without risking contaminating it with my breath.
As I did I got a flash of heat, coal dust, and an eye watering shit smell that was like falling facedown in a farmyard.
I actually sneezed.
Now, that was vestigia.
I went down on my front to see if I could work out what it was under all that blood.
It was triangular and biscuit colored.
I thought it was a stone at first but saw the edges were sharp and realized it was a shard of pottery.
Something else.
asked a voice above me a forensic tech.
I pointed out the things Id found and then got out of the way as the photographer stepped in to record them in situ.
I shone my torch up the tunnel and caught a reflection off Kumar high visibility jacket thirty meters farther on.
He flashed back and I walked, carefully, up to join him.
Anything.
I asked.
Kumar used his torch to pick out a set of modern steel doors set in a decidedly Victorian brick arch.
I thought he might have got in via the old works access but they are still sealed you might want to fingerprint them, though.
Where are we now.
Under Marylebone Road heading east, he said.
There a couple of old ventilation shafts farther up I want to check.
Coming.
It was seven hundred meters to Great Portland Street, the next station.
We did not go the whole way, just until we could see the platform.
Kumar checked his access points and said that had our mystery boy got off the platform there he would have been spotted by the ever vigilant CCTV operators.
Where the fuck did he get on the tracks.
said Kumar.
Maybe there some other way of getting in, I said.
Something that is not on the blueprints, something we missed.
I am going to get the regular patrolman down here, said Kumar.
He will know.
Patrolmen spent their nights walking the tunnels looking for defects, and were, according to Kumar, guardians of the secret knowledge of the Underground.
Or something, he said.
I left him waiting on his native guide and headed back toward Baker Street.
I was halfway there when I slipped over a loose bit of ballast and fell on my face.
I threw out my hands to break my fall, as you do, and it did not escape my attention that my left palm had come slap down on the electrified middle rail, which, had the system been switched on, would have been carrying the current.
Crispy fried policeman lovely.
I was sweating by the time I climbed back onto the platform.
I wiped my face and discovered a thin coating of grime on my cheeks my hands were black with it.
Dust from the ballast, I guessed.
Or maybe ancient soot from when steam locomotives pulled upholstered cars full of respectable Victorians through the tunnels.
For God sake somebody get that boy a hanky, said a large voice with a northern accent.
And then someone can fucking tell me why he here.
DETECTIVE CHIEF Inspector Seawoll was a big man from a small town outside Manchester.
Wed worked together before hed tried to hang me onstage at the Royal Opera House and Id stuck him with cc of elephant tranquilizer it all made sense at the time, trust me.
Id have said that we came out about even, except he had to do four months of medical leave, which most self respecting coppers would have considered a bonus.
Medical leave was obviously over and Seawoll was back in charge of his Murder Investigation Team.
Hed taken a position up the platform where he could keep an eye on the forensics without having to change out of his camel hair coat and handmade Tim Little shoes.
He beckoned me and Stephanopoulos over.
Glad to see you feeling better, sir, I said before I could stop myself.
Seawoll looked at Stephanopoulos.
What is he doing here.
Something about the job felt off, she said.
Seawoll sighed.
You have been leading my Miriam astray, he told me.
But I am back now so I hope we will see a return to good old fashioned evidence based policing and a marked reduction in the amount of weird bollocks.
Yes, sir, I said.
That being said what kind of weird bollocks have you got me into this time.
he asked.
I do not think there was any magic Seawoll shut me up with a sharp gesture of his hand.
I do not want to hear the m word coming out of your mouth, he said.
I do not think there anything odd about the way he died, I said, except Seawoll cut me off again.
How did he die.
he asked Stephanopoulos.
Nasty stab wound in his lower back, she said, probably organ damage, but he died of loss of blood.
Seawoll asked after the murder weapon, and Stephanopoulos waved over the Exhibits Officer, who held up a clear plastic evidence bag for our inspection.
It was the biscuit colored triangle Id found in the tunnel.
What the fuck is that supposed to be.
asked Seawoll.
A bit of a broken plate.
Stephanopoulos twisted the bag around so we could see that it was indeed a triangular section from a shattered plate with a decorative rim.
Looks like earthenware, she said.
They are sure that is the weapon.
asked Seawoll.
Stephanopoulos said that the pathologist was as sure as she could be this side of an autopsy.
I did not really want to tell Seawoll about the concentrated little knot of vestigia that clung to the murder weapon, but I figured it would only lead to more trouble later if I did not.
Sir, I said.
That is the source of the weird bollocks.
How do you know.
asked Seawoll.
I considered explaining vestigia but Nightingale had warned me that sometimes it was better to give them a nice simple explanation that they can relate to.
It just has a kind of glow about it, I said.
A glow.
Yeah, a glow.
That only you can see, he said.
Presumably with your special mystical powers.
I looked him in the eye.
Yes, I said.
My special mystical powers.
Fair enough, said Seawoll.
So our victim gets stabbed in the tunnel with a bit of magic pot, staggers up the track looking for help, climbs up on the platform, collapses, and bleeds out.
We knew the exact time of death, in the morning, because we got it all on a CCTV camera.
At the footage showed the blur of his white face as he pulled himself onto the platform, the lurch as he tried to get to his feet, and that terrible final collapse, that slump down onto his side the surrender.
Once the victim had been spotted on the platform it took the station manager less than three minutes to reach him but he was definitely, as the station manager put it, brown bread by the time he found him.
We did not know how hed got into the tunnel and we did not know how his killer had got out, but at least, once forensics processed the wallet, we knew who he was.
Oh bollocks, said Seawoll.
He an American.
He passed me an evidence bag with a laminated card in it.
At the top was NEW YORK STATE, below that DRIVER LICENSE, then a name, address, and date of birth.
His name was James Gallagher, from some town called Albany, New York, and he was twenty three years old.
We had a quick argument about what time exactly it was in New York before Seawoll dispatched one of the family liaison officers to contact the Albany Police Department.
Albany being the capital of New York State, which I did not know until Stephanopoulos told me.
The scope of your ignorance, Peter, said Seawoll, is truly frightening.
Well, our victim had a thirst for knowledge, said Stephanopoulos.
He was a student at St.
Martins College.
Thered been a National Union of Students card in the wallet and a couple of business cards with James Gallagher name on them and what we hoped was his London address a mews just off the Portobello Road.
I do like it when they make it easy for us, said Seawoll.
What do you reckon, said Stephanopoulos.
Home, family, friends first.
Id mostly kept my mouth shut until then and Id have, frankly, preferred to have sloped off and gone home but I could not ignore the fact that James Gallagher had been done in with a magical weapon.
Well, magical potsherd anyway.
Id like to have a look round his gaff, I said.
Just in case he was a practitioner.
Practitioner, eh.
asked Seawoll.
Is that what you call them.
I went back to keeping my mouth shut, and Seawoll gave me an approving look.
All right, he said.
Home first, round up any friends and family, get him time lined.
BTP are going to get some bodies down here to sweep the tunnels.
Transport for London is not going to like that, said Stephanopoulos.
That is unfortunate for them, is not it.
We should tell forensics that the murder weapon may be archaeological, I said.
Archaeological.
asked Seawoll.
Could be, I said.
Is that your professional opinion.
Yes.
Which as usual, said Seawoll, is as about as useful as a chocolate teapot.
Would you like me to call my boss in.
I asked.
Seawoll pursed his lips, and I realized with a shock that he was really considering whether to bring Nightingale in.
Which annoyed me because it meant he did not trust me to do the job, and unsettled me because thered been something comforting about Seawoll resistance to any kind of magic wank impinging upon his investigations.
If he started to take me seriously, then the pressure was going to be on me to deliver.
I heard Lesley joined your mob, he said.
Ninety degree change in direction of the conversation classic police trick.
Did not work because Id been rehearsing the answer to that question ever since Nightingale and the commissioner came to yet another agreement.
Not officially, I said.
She on indefinite medical leave.
What a waste, said Seawoll, shaking his head.
It is enough to make you weep.
How do you want to do this, sir.
I asked.
AB do the murder and I do the other stuff.
AB being the radio abbreviation for Belgravia Police Station, where Seawoll Murder Team was located we police never like to use real words when we can use an incomprehensible bit of jargon instead.
After how that worked out last time.
said Seawoll.
Fuck no.
You are going to be operating out of our incident room as a member of the inquiry team.
That way I can keep my fucking eye on you.
I looked at Stephanopoulos.
Welcome to the murder squad, she said.
CHAPTER Ladbroke Grove THE METROPOLITAN Police has a very straightforward approach to murder investigations.
Not for them the detective gut instinct or the intricate logical deductions of the sleuth savant.
No, what the Met likes to do is throw a shitload of manpower at the problem and run down every single possible lead until it is exhausted, the murderer is caught, or the senior investigating officer dies of old age.
As a result, murder investigations are conducted not by quirky Detective Inspectors with drinkrelationshipmental problems but a bunch of frighteningly ambitious Detective Constables in the first mad flush of their careers.
So you can see I fit in very well.
By five twenty that morning at least thirty of us had converged on Baker Street, so we started out for Ladbroke Grove en masse.
A couple of DCS hitched a lift with me while Stephanopoulos followed in a five year old Fiat Punto.
I knew one of the detectives in my car.
Her name was Sahra Guleed and wed once bonded over a body in Soho.
Shed also been one of the officers involved in the raid on the Strip Club of Doctor Moreau, so she was a good choice for any weird stuff.
I am family liaison, she said as she climbed into the passenger seat.
Rather you than me, I said.
A plump sandy haired DC in a rumpled DC suit introduced himself after he got in the back.
David Carey, he said.
Also family liaison.
In case it is a big family, said Guleed.
It is always important to get to the victim relatives quickly, partly because it is just common decency to give them the news before they see it on TV, partly because it makes us look efficient, but mostly because you want to be looking them in the face when they hear the news.
Genuine surprise, shock, and grief being hard to fake.
Rather Guleed and Carey than me.
NOTTING HILL is three kilometers west of Baker Street, so we were there in under a quarter of an hour and would have been faster if I had not got turned around near Portobello Road.
In my defense, at night all those late Victorian knockoff Regency town houses look the bleeding same, and I have never spent that much time in Notting Hill.
It did not help that Guleed and Carey both had their phones on GPS and took turns giving me contradictory directions.
I finally spotted a landmark I recognized and pulled up outside the Notting Hill Community Church.
It has a Pentecostal congregation and is just the sort of noisy and fervent place my mum favors on those rare occasions when she remembers she supposed to be a Christian.
My dad only attended a church if he rated their band, so you can imagine how often that happened.
When I was really young I liked dressing up in good clothes and there were usually other kids to play with, but it never lasted.
After a couple of months my mum would get a Sunday cleaning gig or pick a fight with the pastor or just lose interest.
Then wed go back to Sunday being a day I got to stay in and watch cartoons and change records on my dad turntable.
I got out of the car and into an eerie silence.
The air was still, sounds were muffled, the shop fronts windows were blind in the flat yellow glare of the streetlamps and had the artificiality of a film set.
The clouds were low and sullen with reflected light.
The slam of the car doors was muffled in the moist air.
It is going to snow, said Carey.
It was certainly cold enough, I could stick my hands in my pockets but my ears were starting to freeze.
Guleed pulled a big furry hat with earflaps down over her hijab and looked at me and Carey, bareheaded and frozen eared, with amusement.
Practical and modest, she said.
Neither of us gave her the satisfaction of an answer.
We headed for the mews.
Where did you get the hat.
I asked.
Nicked it off my brother, she said.
I heard it gets cold in the desert, said Carey.
Youd need a hat like that.
Guleed and I exchanged looks, but what can you do.
For decades Notting Hill has been fighting a valiant rearguard action against the rising tide of money creeping in now that Mayfair has given over entirely to the oligarchs.
I could see that whoever had done the conversion on the mews adopted the spirit of the place, because nothing says I am part of a vibrant local community quite like sticking a bloody great security gate at the entrance to your street.
Guleed, Carey, and I stared through the bars like Victorian children.
It was your typical Notting Hill mews, a cobbled cul de sac lined with what used to be the coach houses of the wealthy, now converted into houses and flats.
It was the sort of place gay cabinet ministers used to stash their boyfriends back when that sort of thing would have caused a scandal.
These days it was probably full of bankers and the children of bankers.
All the windows were dark, but there were BMWs, Range Rovers, and Mercedes parked awkwardly in the narrow roadway.
Do you think we should wait for Stephanopoulos.
asked Carey.
We gave it some careful thought but not for too long since the religiously nonobservant among us were freezing our ears off.
There was a gray intercom box welded to the gate, so I pressed the number of Gallagher house.
No answer.
I tried a couple more times.
Nothing.
Could be broken, said Guleed.
Should we try the neighbors.
I do not want to have to deal with the neighbors yet, said Carey.
I checked the gate.
It was topped with blunt spikes, widely spaced, but there was a white bollard situated conveniently close enough to give me a stepping point.
The metal was painfully cold under my hands but it took me less than five seconds to get my foot on the top bar, swing myself over, and jump down.
My shoes skidded on the cobbles before I managed to recover without falling over.
What do you think.
asked Carey.
Nine point five.
Nine point two, said Guleed.
He lost points for the dismount.
There was an exit button on the wall just beyond arm reach of the gate.
I pushed it and buzzed the others in.
Given that all three of us were Londoners, we paused a moment to carry out the ritual of the valuation of the property.
I guessed that, given the area, it was at least a million and change.
Million and a half, easy, said Carey.
More, said Guleed.
If it is freehold.
There was a ye olde carriage lamp mounted next to the front door just to show that money can not buy you taste.
I rang the doorbell and we heard it going off upstairs.
I left my finger on it that is the beauty of being the police, you do not have to be considerate at five oclock in the morning.
We heard flat footed steps coming down a staircase and a voice yelling, I am coming, hold your fucking horses And then the door opened.
He was tall, white, early twenties, unshaven, with a mop of brown hair and naked except for a pair of underpants.
He was thin though not unhealthy.
His ribs stuck out but he almost had a six pack, and his shoulders, arms, and legs were muscled.
He had a big mouth in a thin face that opened wide when he saw us.
Oi, he said.
Who the fuck are you supposed to be.
We all showed him our warrant cards.
He stared at them for a long second.
How about a five minute head start to hide my stash.
he said finally.
We surged forward as one.
The ground floor had obviously been converted from a garage and then notionally split in two faux rusticated kitchen area at the back, open plan reception at the front, with an open sided staircase running up the left wall.
Open plan houses are all very well, but without a traditional hallway to act as a choke point, it is laughably easy for a trio of eager police to roll right over you and take control.
I got between him and the stairs, Guleed slipped past me and up the stairs to check that there was nobody else in the house, and Carey stood in front of the man, deliberately placing himself just inside the guy personal space.
We are family liaison officers, he said.
So in the normal course of events we are not that bothered about your recreational drug use, but this attitude depends entirely on whether you give us your wholehearted cooperation.
And provide coffee, I said.
You do have coffee.
asked Carey.
We have got coffee, said the man.
Is it good coffee.
shouted Guleed from somewhere upstairs.
It is proper coffee.
You make it in a cafetire and everything.
It is bare wicked stuff.
What is your name.
asked Carey.
Zach, said the man.
Zachary Palmer.
Is this your house.
I live here but it belongs to my mate, my friend James Gallagher he American.
Actually it belongs to some company, but he gets the use of it and I live here with him.
Are you in a relationship with Mr.
Gallagher.
asked Carey.
Civil partnership, long term committed no.
We are just friends, said Zach.
In that case, Mr.
Palmer, I suggest we repair to the kitchen for coffee.
I got out of the way as Zachary, looking a bit wild eyed, was herded into the kitchen area by Carey.
Hed be looking to get names and addresses of James Gallagher friends, and if possible, family, as well as establishing Zach whereabouts at the time of the murder.
You want to do that sort of thing fast before everyone has a chance to coordinate their stories.
Guleed would be upstairs hunting out any useful diaries, phone books, laptops, and anything else that would allow her to expand James Gallagher acquaintance tree and fill in the gaps in the timeline of his last movements.
I glanced around the living room.
I guessed the house must have come furnished because it had that decorated out of a catalogue feel, although judging by the sturdiness of the furniture and the lack of laminated chipboard, it was probably a more expensive catalogue than my mother would have used.
The TV was big and flat but two years old.
There was a Blu ray player, an Xbox, but no cable or satellite.
I checked the simulation oak shelves beside the TV the collection was a bit ostentatiously foreign, newly remastered Godards, Truffauts, and Tarkovskys.
Kurosawa Yojimbo was lying sacrilegiously on top of its case, ejected in favor of judging from the case lying on the floor by the TV one of the Saw movies.
The original fireplace, a rarity given that the ground floor must have been a coach house, had been bricked up and plastered over, but the mantelpiece remained.
Perched on it was an expensive Sony minisystem with no iPod attached something else to look for an unpainted figurine, a deck of playing cards, a packet of Rizlas, and an unwashed cup.
Over in the kitchen area Carey had Zach settled at the table while he pottered around making proper coffee and rummaging through all the cupboards and shelves for good measure.
If you are a professional cleaner, like my mum, one of the ways you make sure you get the dust out of the corners is to use a moist mop and swirl it along the skirting board.
All the crud gets rolled up into little damp balls, you wait a bit for them to dry and then Hoover them up.
It leaves a distinctive swirling pattern in the carpet, which I found behind the TV.
It meant that James and Zach were not cleaning their own home and that I was unlikely to find anything useful in the living room.
I headed for the stairs.
The bathroom was professionally sparkling but I was hoping that whoever the cleaner was had drawn the line at going into the bedrooms.
Judging by the combination old sock and ganja smell in the smaller of the two bedrooms, she had indeed.
Zach room, I guessed.
The clothes scattered on the floor had British labels and there was a high tech bong vaporizer, improvised out of a converted soldering iron and Perspex tube, stashed under the bed.
I only found one bit of luggage, a large gym bag with worn straps and stains on the bottom.
I gave it a cautious sniff.
It had been washed recently but under the detergent there was just a whiff of something rank.
What my dad would call tramp smell.
Whatever it was, it was not magical, so I headed out.
Guleed and I met on the landing.
No diary or address book it must be on his phone, she said.
A couple of airmail letters, his mum I think, same address as the driver license.
She said she was going to call the police in America and ask them to make contact.
I asked her how she was going to find the number.
That is what the Internet is for, she said.
That is not how the song goes, I said, but she did not get it.
I think the governor is going to want to take a close look at Zach, especially if he has not got an alibi.
Why that.
I do not think he a student, I said.
He might even have been sleeping rough.
Guleed gave me a lopsided smile.
Must be a villain, then.
Have you run him through the computer yet.
Never mind my job, Peter.
You are supposed to be checking for magic or whatever.
She smiled to show that she was half joking, but only half.
I let her get on with her job and stepped into James bedroom to see if I could detect any weird bollocks.
Which appeared to be in short supply.
I was surprised by the lack of posters on the walls, but James Gallagher had been twenty three.
Maybe hed outgrown posters or maybe he was saving the space for more serious work.
There was a stack of canvases leaning against the wall.
They were mostly city scenes, local, I thought, after recognizing Portobello Market.
It did not look like tourist tat so I figured it was probably his own work a bit retro for a modern art school student, though.
The bed was rumpled but the sheets had been recently changed and the duvet laid out and turned back.
There was a pile of books on the bedside table art books but of the serious academic kind rather than the coffee table variety on socialist realism, propaganda posters of the s, classic London Underground posters, and a volume called Right About Now Art and Theory since the s.
The only non art books were an omnibus edition of Colin MacInnes London trilogy and a reference on mental health called Signs of Mental Illness.
I picked up the medical book and dangled it by its spine, but it stubbornly failed to reveal any telltale gaps where it had been heavily read.
Looking for material.
I wondered.
Worried about himself or somebody else.
The book was still crisp and relatively new.
Was he worried about Zach perhaps.
I looked around the room, but there were no books on the arcane or even the vaguely mystical, and not even a vestige of vestigia beyond the normal background.
This is a classic example of what I was coming to call the inverse law of magical utility in other words, the chances of finding a magical phenomenon is inversely proportional to how useful it would be to bloody find it.
It was entirely possible that any magical side to the murder rested with the killer, not the victim.
I probably should have stayed in the tunnels with Sergeant Kumar and the search team.
So of course I found what I was looking for five minutes later, downstairs, while we were getting a statement from Zach.
He had put on a pair of tracksuit bottoms and a T shirt while I was upstairs.
He was sitting half hunched over the table while Carey took his statement.
Guleed had taken a position leaning nonchalantly against the simulation farmhouse kitchen unit just inside Zach peripheral vision.
She was watching his face carefully and frowning.
I guessed shed spotted the mental health book too.
There was a cup of coffee waiting on the table for me.
I sat down next to Carey but kept my posture relaxed, took my coffee, and leaned back slightly as I sipped it.
Zach hands were trembling and he was unconsciously rocking back and forth as we went through his movements in the last twenty four hours.
It is always useful to have your witnesses a little bit unnerved, but you can have too much of a good thing.
An earthenware bowl was sitting on the kitchen table with two apples, a splotchy banana, and a handful of minicab cards inside it.
It was the same rich biscuit color as the shard Id found in the Underground but too curved to be an identical piece.
I took another gulp of coffee, which was definitely the good stuff, and casually brushed my fingers along the rim of the bowl.
There it was, fainter than the shard, heat and charcoal and what I realized was the smell of pig shit and I was not sure what.
I emptied the fruit and cards from the bowl and traced my fingertips across the smooth curve of its interior.
It seemed beautifully shaped but I could not say why.
A circle is just a circle, after all.
But it was as beautiful as Lesley smile.
At least how Lesley smile used to be.
I realized that the others had fallen silent.
Where did this come from.
I asked Zach.
He looked at me like I was bonkers so did Guleed and Carey.
The bowl.
he asked.
Yes, the bowl, I said.
Where did it come from.
It is just a bowl, he said.
I know, I said slowly.
Do you know where it came from.
Zach looked at Carey in consternation, obviously wondering if we were using the rare good coploony cop interrogation technique.
I think he got it from the market.
From Portobello.
Yeah.
Portobello Market is at least a kilometer long and has at least a thousand stalls, not to mention the hundred plus shops that line both sides of Portobello Road and spill out into the side streets.
Any chance of you being a bit more specific.
I asked.
Top end, I think, said Zach.
You know.
Not the posh end, the other end where the normal stalls are.
That is all I know.
I picked up the bowl, cupped it in my hands, and brought it level with my eyes.
I am going to need to package this, I said.
Has anybody got any bubble wrap.
CHAPTER Archway THE ANSWER to that question turned out to be, surprisingly, yes.
Apparently art students often have to transport fragile bits of work around, and so a cupboard in the kitchen turned out to be not only full of aging spaghetti and dubious packets of Cup a Soup, but bubble wrap, tissue paper, and masking tape.
It was also where Zach kept his stash, a Ziploc bag of yellow looking leaf that Carey suggested constituted a seasoning rather than a controlled substance.
Nonetheless Carey unofficially confiscated it until it was decided whether we needed to use it as a pretext to arrest Zach.
The bowl went into an evidence bag that was sealed with a white sticky label with my name, rank, and number on it.
I then, awkwardly, wrote in the time, address, and circumstances of seizure in very small writing.
I have always felt that the lack of a penmanship course in the basic training at Hendon is a major oversight.
I was torn.
I wanted to find out where the bowl had come from but I also wanted to check out James Gallagher locker, or work space, or whatever art students have, at St.
Martins to see if he had any more magic stuff.
I chose to go to St.
Martins first because it was only just past eight oclock and the full panoply of the market was unlikely to be arrayed until about eleven.
It takes a couple of hours for the tourists to navigate that tricky bit between Notting Hill tube station and the junction with Pembridge Road, and in street market terms early morning is for fruit and vegetables, not pottery.
Somebody had to stay and keep an eye on Zach, who if not exactly a suspect yet was doing a really good impression of one, until Stephanopoulos arrived with the cavalry.
Guleed and Carey played rock, paper, scissors for the privilege.
Carey lost.
Guleed had to be dropped off at Belgravia nick to leave Zach statement with the Inside Inquiry Team, who would feed it into the mighty Holmes computer system whose job is to sift and collate and hopefully prevent us from making ourselves look like idiots in the eyes of the public.
Catching the actual offender would be the icing on the cake.
We stepped out into a weak gray light that seemed to make things colder but at least kept the place from looking like a film set.
I was carrying my magic bowl with both hands and stepping carefully on the frost slippery cobbles.
All the cars in the street were white with frost including my Asbo.
I started the engine and then rummaged around in the glove compartment for the scraper it took me ages to clear the windshield while Guleed sat in the passenger seat and offered advice.
You have got a better heater in your car than we have, said Guleed as I climbed into the driver seat.
I glared at her.
My hands were numb and I had to drum my fingertips on the steering wheel for a couple of seconds to get enough sensation to drive safely.
I pulled out into Kensington Park Road and put a new pair of driving gloves on my Christmas list.
As I was turning into Sloane Street it started to snow.
I thought it was going to be a light dusting, the kind of nonevent that was such a disappointment growing up.
But soon it was coming down in great heavy flakes, falling vertically in the still air and immediately sticking, even on the main roads.
Suddenly I could feel the Asbo slipping on the turns.
I dropped my speed and flinched as a moron in a Range Rover beeped, overtook me, lost control, and smacked into the back of a Jaguar XF.
Despite the cold, I lowered the window as I drove carefully past and explained that the superior handling characteristics of a four wheel drive vehicle were as naught if one were deficient in basic driving skills.
Did you see any injuries.
I asked Guleed.
Do you think we should stop.
Nah, she said.
Not our job, and anyway I think that was just the first of many.
We saw two more minor collisions before we reached Sloane Square.
The snow was already piling up on cars, the pavement, and even the heads and shoulders of pedestrians.
By the time Id pulled up outside the blocky redbrick exterior of the Belgravia nick, the traffic had thinned down to a trickle of desperate or overconfident drivers.
Even the surface of Buckingham Palace Road was white Id never seen that happen before.
I left the motor running while Guleed climbed out.
She asked if I wanted her to take the bowl and I told her no.
I want my boss to look at it first, I said.
Once she was safely out of sight I hopped out of the Asbo, opened up the back, and pulled out my Metropolitan Police reflective jacket and, because below a certain temperature even I am willing to sacrifice style for comfort, a maroon and purple beanie that one of my aunts had knitted for me.
Once I had them both on I got back in and headed west slowly.
JAMES GALLAGHER had been studying not at the brand new state of the art main campus in Kings Cross but at the smaller Byam Shaw building off Holloway Road near Archway.
According to Eric Huber, Gallagher tutor and the studio manager, this was a good thing.
It is far too brand new, he said of the main campus.
Purpose built, with all the amenities and lots of office space for the administrators.
It is like trying to be creative inside a McDonald.
Huber was a short middle aged man in an expensive lavender button down shirt and tan chinos.
He was obviously dressed these days by his life partner probably a second, younger model, if I was any judge the giveaway being his untidy hair and his winter coat, a cracked leather biker jacket that had obviously come from a previous era and had been pressed into service because of the snow.
It is much better to work in a building that is evolved organically, he said.
That way you are making a contribution.
Hed met me in Reception and guided me inside.
The college was housed in a couple of brick buildings built as factories at the end of the nineteenth century.
Huber proudly recounted that it was used to make munitions during World War One and thus had thick walls and a light ceiling.
The students studio space had been one large factory floor before the college divided it up with white painted floor to ceiling partitions.
You notice that there no kind of private space, he said as he led me through the labyrinth of partitions.
We want everyone to see everyone else work.
There no point coming to college and then locking yourself away in a room somewhere.
Weirdly, it was like stepping back into the art room at school.
The same splashes of paint, rolls of paper, jam jars half full of dirty water and brushes.
Half finished sketches on the walls and the faintly rancid smell of linseed oil.
Only this was on a grander scale.
Hundreds of polyps made of carefully folded colored paper were arranged on one partition wall.
What I thought was a display cabinet with old fashioned VCRTVs stored on it turned out to be a half completed installation.
Most of what we passed, at least the bits that I could identify, were done in the abstract, or part sculpture, or installations made from found objects.
So it was a surprise to arrive at James Gallagher corner of the studio to find it full of paintings.
Nice paintings.
The ones back home in his room in Notting Hill had been his own work.
This is a bit different, I said.
Contrary to expectations, said Huber, we do not shun the figurative.
The paintings were of London streets, places like Camden Lock, St.
Paul, the Mall, Well Walk in Hampstead, all on sunny days with happy people in colorful clothes.
I do not know about figurative but it looked suspiciously like the sort of stuff that got flogged in dodgy antiques shops next to pictures of clowns or dogs in hats.
I asked him if it was not a bit touristy.
I will be honest.
When he made his application we did think his work was ah naive, but you have to look beyond his subject matter and see how beautiful his technique is, said Huber.
And it can not have hurt that he was a foreign student paying the full whack, and then some, for the privilege.
By the way, what has happened to James.
he asked.
His tone had become hesitant, cautious.
All I can say is that he was found dead this morning and we are treating it as suspicious.
It was the standard formula for these things, although a dead body at Baker Street Station was going to come in a close second to commuter anger as snow shuts down London on the lunchtime news.
Assuming the media did not find a way to link both stories.
Was it suicide.
Interesting.
Do you have some reason to think it might have been.
I asked.
The tone of his work had begun to progress, said Huber.
To become more conceptually challenging.
He stepped over to the corner where a large flat leather art case was propped up against the wall.
He snapped it open, flicked through the contents, and selected a painting.
I could see it was different before it was fully out of the case.
The colors were dark, angry.
Huber turned and held it across his chest so I could get a good look.
Curves of purple and blue suggested the curved roof of a tunnel, while emerging, as if from the shadows, was an elongated inhuman figure sketched with long bold strokes of black and gray paint.
Unlike the faces of the people in Gallagher earlier work, this figure face was full of expression, a large mouth twisted into a gaping leer, eyes like saucers under a sleek hairless dome of a head.
As you can see, said Huber, his work has much improved of late.
I looked back to the painting of a sun dappled windowsill all it was missing was a cat.
When did his style change.
I asked.
Oh, his style did not change, said Huber.
The actual technique is remarkably similar to his previous work.
What we are seeing here is much more profound.
It is a radical shift in I want to say the subject, but I think it goes deeper than that.
You only have to look at it there is emotion, passion even, in that painting that you just do not see in his earlier work.
And not just that he was looking beyond his comfort in terms of technique Huber trailed off.
It is happened before, he went on.
You get these young people and you think they are showing you one thing and then they take their own lives and you realize what you thought was progress was quite the opposite.
I am not totally heartless, so I told him we thought suicide was unlikely.
He was so relieved that he did not ask me what had happened which is a square on the suspicious behavior bingo card in and of itself.
You said he was looking beyond his comfort zone, I said.
What did you mean.
He was asking about new materials, said Huber.
He was interested in ceramics, which was a bit unfortunate.
I asked why, and he explained that theyd had to stop using their on site kiln.
Every firing is expensive.
You have got to produce quite a large amount of work to justify running it, he said, obviously embarrassed that economic reality had crept into the college.
Thinking of the shard of pottery used as the murder weapon, I asked whether they had a kiln at the new campus and could James Gallagher have been using that.
No, said Huber.
Id have organized that, had he asked, but he did not.
He frowned and picked up one of the later paintings.
A woman face, pale, big eyed, surrounded by purple and black shadow.
He studied it, sighed, and carefully replaced it with the others.
Mind you, he said, he was certainly spending time elsewhere He trailed off again.
I waited a moment to see if there was more, but there was not, before asking whether James Gallagher had a locker.
This way, said Huber.
It is at the back.
One in a bank of gray metal boxes was secured with a cheap padlock, which I knocked off with a chisel I borrowed from a nearby studio.
Huber winced as the cheap padlock hit the floor but I think he was more worried about the chisel than the locker.
I pulled on my latex gloves and had a look inside.
I found two pencil cases, a brush wallet with half the brushes missing, a paperback with an Oxfam price sticker called The Eye of the Pyramid, and an A to Z Guide.
Inside the A to Z was a flyer for an exhibition at the Tate Modern by an artist named Ryan Carroll.
Sure enough, the flyer had marked the appropriate page in the A to Z with a pencil circle around the Tate Modern in Southwark.
Definitely planning to go, I thought the grand opening of the show was listed for the next day.
I made a note of the times, dates, and names before bagging and tagging the locker contents.
Then I used masking tape to secure the locker, gave my card to Mr.
Huber, and headed for home.
I HAD to clear three centimeters of snow off my windscreen before I could do the twenty minute drive back to the Folly and put the Asbo back in the safety of the garage.
I braved the icy outside staircase to the upper floor of the coach house where I stash my TV, decent stereo, laptop, and all the other accoutrements of the twenty first century that rely on a connection to the outside world.
This was because the Folly proper was imbued with mystical defenses not my terminology that apparently would be weakened by running a decent cable in from the outside.
I did not suggest a Wi Fi network because I have my own problems with signal security, and besides, I like having somewhere mostly to myself.
I lit the paraffin heater that Id found in the Folly basement after my electric fan heater blew out the coach house antique fuse box for the third time.
Then I raided the emergency snack locker, made a mental note to buy some food for it and likewise either clean my small fridge or give up and declare it a biohazard.
There was still coffee and half a packet of MS genuinely biscuit flavored biscuits, so I decided to finish off my paperwork before hitting Molly kitchen.
It took me a couple of hours to finish up Mr.
Huber statement and my observations about the possible change in James Gallagher personality as indicated by the abrupt change in his work.
To relieve the boredom I Googled Ryan Carroll to see whether there was anything interesting about James Gallagher interest in him.
His biography was pretty sparse born and raised in Ireland and until recently based in Dublin.
Best known for an installation of one quarter sized crofter houses made out of Legos and roofed with old library copies of the classics of Irish literature, all of it covered in a layer of horseshit.
It did not seem twee enough for early James Gallagher or twisted enough for his late period.
There were a couple of reviews in the online magazines, all within the last couple of months, praising his new work, and an interview in which Carroll talked about the importance of recognizing the industrial revolution as the fracture point between man as spiritual being and man as consumer.
As someone who grew up in Ireland, witnessed firsthand the booming Celtic Tiger, and then experienced its bust, Carroll brought a unique insight into the alienation of man and machine or at least that is what Carroll thought.
His new work was aimed primarily at challenging the way we look at the interface between the human form and the machine.
We are machines, he was quoted as saying, for turning food into shit, and we have created other machines that allow us to be more productive to turn more food into more shit.
I got the impression that he was considered a man to watch, although possibly not while eating.
I added these details to the report I did not know how significant it was that an art student was planning to go to an art gallery, but the golden rule of modern policing is, everything goes into the pot.
Seawoll, or more likely Stephanopoulos, would read through it and decide whether she wanted it followed up.
I called the Inside Inquiry Team at Belgravia, which is the bit that handles the data entry, and asked them if I could email the statement.
They said that was fine, providing I handed in the original copy as soon as possible and I labeled it correctly.
They also reminded me that unless the Folly had secure evidence storage, I would have to turn over everything Id recovered from James Gallagher locker to the Exhibits Officer.
Do not worry.
We are very secure here, I told them.
It took me another half an hour to finish the forms and send them off, at which point Lesley called to remind me that we were supposed to be interviewing our suspected Little Crocodile, Nightingale having set out for Henley that morning when it became clear I was going to be busy.
So much for getting to see Beverley this year.
Lesley wondered if he was going to make it back that evening.
He too sensible to drive in this, I said.
We met up by the back stairs, which were tucked away at the front of the Folly, and she followed me down to the secure storage room, which also served as our gun locker.
After my exciting encounter with the Faceless Man on a Soho rooftop, Nightingale and our friend Caffrey the ex Para spent a fun week clearing out weapons and ammunition that had been rotting inside for over sixty years.
The bit I found particularly enjoyable was when I accidentally opened a crate of fragmentation grenades that had been sitting in a puddle since , and Caffrey voice shot up two octaves as he told me to back away slowly.
We had to have a couple of guys from the Explosives Ordnance Disposal Unit come and take them away.
An operation me and Lesley supervised from the caf in the park across the road.
The equipment passed for operational by Caffrey had been cleaned and stored on brand new racks on one side and metal shelving installed on the other for evidence storage.
I signed the items in on the clipboard provided and then Lesley and I buggered off to the Barbican.
CHAPTER The Barbican AFTER WORLD War Two there was not much left of English wizardry except for Nightingale, the walking wounded, and a number of practitioners too old or not good enough to get themselves killed in that final convulsive battle in the forests near Ettersberg.
I do not know what the fight was about for sure, but I have my theories Nazis, concentration camps, the occult a lot of theories.
Only Nightingale and a couple of senior wizards, now long dead, had stayed active, the rest having died of the wounds, gone mad, or renounced their calling and taken up a mundane life.
Breaking their staffs is what Nightingale called that.
Nightingale had been content to fall into a holding pattern, retreating into the Folly and emerging only to deal with occasional supernatural difficulty for the Met and the regional police forces.
It was a brand new world of motorways and global superpowers and atomic bombs.
He, like most people in the know, assumed that the magic was fading, that the light was going out of the world and nobody was practicing magic but him.
He turned out to be wrong in almost every respect, but by the time he figured that out it was too late somebody else had been teaching magic since the s.
I do not know why Nightingale was so surprised I barely knew four and a half spells and you could not have got me to give it up, and that is despite close brushes with death by vampire, hanging, malignant spirit, riot, tigerman, and the ever present risk of overdoing the magic and getting a brain aneurysm.
As far as we could reconstruct it, Geoffrey Wheatcroft an undistinguished wizard, by all accounts had retired postwar to teach theology at Magdalen College, Oxford.
At some point in the mid s he had sponsored a student dining club called the Little Crocodiles.
Dining clubs being what posh undergraduates did in the fifties and sixties when they were not having doomed love affairs, spying for the Russians, or inventing modern satire.
To spice up their evenings, Geoffrey Wheatcroft taught a select number of his young friends the basics of Newtonian magic, which he should not have done, and trained at least one of them up to what Nightingale called mastership which he really should not have done.
At some point, we do not know when, this apprentice moved to London and went to the dark side.
Actually, Nightingale never calls it the dark side, but me and Lesley can not resist it.
He did terrible things to people.
I know, I have seen some of it the bodyless head of Larry the Lark and the other denizens of the Strip Club of Doctor Moreau and Nightingale has seen more but will not talk about it.
We know from eyewitness accounts that he used magic to conceal his features, appeared to have become inactive in the late s, and as far as we could tell, his mantle was not taken up until the one we call the Faceless Man burst onto the scene sometime in the last three or four years.
He came this close to blowing my head off the previous October and I was not in a hurry to meet him again.
Not without backup anyway.
However, having an ethically challenged magician running around on our manor was not on.
So we decided to adopt an intelligence led approach to his apprehension.
Intelligence led policing being when you work out what you are doing before you run in and get your head blown off.
Hence us working our way down the list of possible known associates and looking to winkle out the Faceless Man real identity.
Because if it was not a vulnerability, he would not want to keep it secret.
SHAKESPEARE TOWER is one of three residential towers that are part of the Barbican complex in the City of London.
Designed in the s by adherents to the same Guernsey Gun Emplacement school of architecture as those that built my school, it was another Brutalist tower of jagged concrete that had acquired a Grade II listing because it was that or admit how fucking ugly it was.
However, whatever I thought of it aesthetically, Shakespeare Tower had something that was practically unique in London, something I was very grateful for as I cautiously skidded the Asbo through snow covered streets its own underground car park.
We drove in, waved our warrant cards at the guy in the glass booth, and parked in the bay allocated to us.
He gave us directions but we still managed to wander around in circles for five minutes until Lesley noticed a discreet sign lost amid the pipes and concrete abutments.
We were then buzzed in by the concierge and guided up to the reception area.
We are here to interview Albert Woodville Gentle, I said.
And wed much rather you did not tell him we were on our way, said Lesley as we stepped into the lift.
It is just an interview, I said to her as the door closed.
We are the police, Peter, said Lesley.
It is always good to arrive as a nasty surprise, makes it harder to keep secrets.
Makes sense, I said.
Lesley sighed.
The lobby of each floor was an identical truncated triangle shape with undressed concrete walls, gray carpeting, and emergency fire exits the size and shape of U boat pressure doors.
Albert Woodville Gentle lived two thirds up the tower on the thirtieth floor.
It was very clean.
This much institutional concrete makes me nervous when it is clean.
I rang the doorbell.
Practically the whole point of being police is that you do not gather information covertly.
You are supposed to turn up on people doorsteps, terrify them with the sheer majesty of your authority, and keep asking questions until they tell you what you want to know.
Unfortunately, we at the Folly were under instructions to keep the existence of the supernatural if not exactly secret then certainly low key all part of the agreement, apparently.
This meant starting any interview with the question, Oi, did you learn magic at university.
was right out, and so we had developed a cunning plan instead.
Or rather, Lesley came up with a cunning plan instead.
The door opened immediately, which told us that the concierge had phoned up to warn the inhabitants.
A middle aged woman with a worn face, blue eyes, and hair the color of dirty straw stood in the doorway.
She caught sight of Lesley masked face and took an involuntary step backward works every time.
I introduced myself and showed my warrant card.
She peered at the card, then at me her eyes were narrow and suspicious.
In addition to a plain brown skirt, matching blouse, and cardigan, I noticed she wore an analog watch hanging upside down from her breast pocket.
A live in nurse perhaps.
We have come to see Mr.
Woodville Gentle, I said.
Is he in.
He supposed to be resting at this time, said the woman.
She had a Slavic accent.
Russian or Ukrainian, I thought.
We can wait, said Lesley.
The woman stared at her and frowned.
May I ask who you are.
I asked.
I am Varenka, she said.
I am Mr.
Woodville Gentle nurse.
May we come in.
asked Lesley.
I do not know, said Varenka.
I had my notebook out.
Can I have your surname, please.
This is an official investigation, said Lesley.
Varenka hesitated and then, reluctantly I thought, stepped back from the doorway.
Please, she said.
Come in.
I shall see if Mr.
Woodville Gentle is awake yet.
Curious, I thought, shed rather let us in than tell us her second name.
The flat was basically a long box with living room and kitchenette to the left, bedrooms and, I assumed, bathrooms to the right.
Bookshelves lined every wall, and with the curtains closed the air was stuffy and carried a whiff of disinfectant and mildew.
I scoped out the books as Varenka the nurse led us into the living room and asked us to wait.
Most of them looked like theyd come from charity shops the hardbacks had damaged dustcovers and the paperbacks showed creased spines and covers faded by sunlight.
Wherever they were bought, theyd been meticulously shelved by subject, as far as I could tell, and then by author.
There were two shelves of what looked like every single Patrick OBrian up until Yellow Admiral, and one whole stack of nothing but Penguin paperbacks from the s.
My dad swears by those Penguins.
He said that they were so classy that all you had to do was sit in the right caf in Soho, pretend to read one, and youd be hip deep in impressionable young women before you ordered your second espresso.
Lesley surreptitiously jabbed me in the arm to remind me to look stern and official as Varenka led us into the living room before heading off to disturb Albert Woodville Gentle.
He in a wheelchair, murmured Lesley.
Judging by the spacing between the furniture and positioning of the dining table, the flat had been laid out for wheelchair use.
Lesley scuffed the carpet with her shoe to show where thin wheels had worn tracks in the burgundy weave.
We heard muffled voices from the other end of the flat.
Varenka raised her voice a couple of times but she obviously lost the argument because a few minutes later she emerged, wheeling her patient down the hall and into the living room to greet us.
You always expect people in wheelchairs to look wasted, so it was a shock when Woodville Gentle arrived plump, pink, and smiling.
Or at least most of his face was smiling.
There was a noticeable droop to the right hand side.
It looked like the aftermath of a stroke but I saw that he seemed to retain full movement in both his arms although with a noticeable shake.
His legs were concealed by a tartan blanket that fell all the way to his feet.
He was clean shaven, well scrubbed, and he seemed genuinely pleased to see us, which, in case you are wondering, is another square of the suspicious behavior bingo card.
Good Lord, he said.
It is the fuzz.
He noticed Lesley mask and did an exaggerated double take.
Young lady, do not you think you are taking the concept of undercover work just a tad too seriously.
Can I offer you tea.
Varenka is very reliable with tea, providing you like it with lemon.
As it happens, Id love a cuppa, I said.
If he was going to play louche upper crust, I was not beyond doing cockney copper.
Sit, sit, he said and gestured us to pair of chairs arranged by the dining table.
He wheeled himself into position opposite and clasped his hands together to keep them still.
Now you must tell me what brings you bursting through my door.
I do not know if you are aware of this, I said, but David Faber recently went missing, and we are part of the investigation into his whereabouts.
I can not say I have ever heard of a David Faber, said Woodville Gentle.
Is he famous.
I made a show of opening my notebook and flicking back through the pages.
You were both at Magdalen College, Oxford at the same time, from to.
Not quite correct, said Woodville Gentle.
I was there from , and while my memory is not what it was, I am fairly certain I would have remembered a name like Faber.
Do you have a photograph.
Lesley pulled a picture from her inside pocket, an obviously modern color print of a monochrome photograph.
It showed a young man in a tweed jacket and authentically wavy period haircut standing against a nondescript brick wall with ivy.
Does it ring any bells.
she asked.
Woodville Gentle squinted at the picture.
I am afraid not, he said.
Id have been amazed if it had, given that me and Lesley had downloaded it off a Swedish Facebook page.
David Faber was entirely fictitious, and wed chosen a Swede because it made it extremely unlikely that any of the Little Crocodiles would actually recognize him.
It was just an excuse to poke our noses into their lives without alerting any practitioners if there were any others that we were after them.
It was our information that he was in the same social club at Oxford, I said, flicking through my notebook again.
The Little Crocodiles.
Dining club, said Woodville Gentle.
I am sorry.
They were called dining clubs, he said.
Not social clubs.
An excuse to go and eat and drink to excess, although I daresay we did some charity work and the like.
Varenka arrived with the tea, Russian style, black with lemon and served in glasses.
Once shed served us she took up a position behind me and Lesley where we could not see her without turning.
That is a bit of a cop trick and we do not like it when people do it to us.
Alas, I am afraid there no cake or biscuits in the flat, said Woodville Gentle.
I am not allowed them on doctor orders, and I am much more mobile and ingenious at ferreting out the things that are bad for me than you might think.
I sipped my tea while Lesley asked some routine questions.
Woodville Gentle remembered the names of some of his contemporaries who he knew were members of the Little Crocodiles, and others who he thought might have been.
Most of the names were already on our list but it is always good to corroborate your information.
He did give us the names of some female undergraduates he described as affiliate members it was all grist for the mill.
Five minutes in I said that I heard there was a brilliant view from the balcony and asked if I might have a look.
Woodville Gentle told me to help myself, so I got up and, after Varenka had shown me how to open the slide door, stepped outside.
Id absent mindedly tapped my jacket pocket when getting up.
I had a box of matches in there to sell the illusion, so I was pretty certain they assumed I was going out for a smoke.
It was all part of Lesley cunning plan.
The view was astonishing.
Leaning on the balcony parapet, I looked south over the Dome of St.
Paul and across the river to Elephant and Castle where the building affectionately known as the Electric Razor vied for prominence with Stromberg infamous poem of concrete and deprivation, Skygarden Tower.
And despite the low cloud, I saw beyond them the lights of London thinning out as they washed against the North Downs.
Every high street was bright with Christmas decorations reflected off fresh snow.
I could have stood out there for hours except it was cold enough to freeze my bollocks off and I was supposed to be snooping around.
The balcony was L shaped, with a wide section by the living room, for afternoon tea in the sunshine I presumed, and then a much thinner long bit that ran the length of the flat.
We knew from the floor plans posted by the realtor that every single room except for the bathrooms and the kitchen had its own French window onto the balcony, and we knew from being coppers that the chances of them being locked, thirty stories up, was remote.
The balcony was less than a third of a meter wide, and even with a waist high parapet I felt queasy when I let my eyes drift too far to the left.
Assuming that the nurse would be in the smaller of the two bedrooms, I continued to the end of the balcony, which terminated in one of the pressure door shaped fire exits.
I pulled on my gloves and tried the French windows they slid open with encouraging silence.
I stepped inside.
The bedroom door was open, but the light in the hallway beyond was out and so the room was too dark to see anything.
But I was not there to use my eyes.
There was a musty sick room smell overlaid with talcum powder and, weirdly, Chanel No.
I took a deep breath and felt for vestigia.
There was nothing, or at least nothing obvious.
I was not as experienced as Nightingale but I was willing to bet that nothing magical had happened in that flat since it was constructed.
Disappointed, I carefully shifted position until I could see out the door, down the length of the hallway, and into the dining room where Lesley was still asking her questions.
Shed obviously caught Woodville Gentle interest the old man was leaning forward in his chair, staring at what I realized, with a shock, was Lesley uncovered face.
Varenka too seemed fascinated I heard her ask something and saw Lesley misshapen mouth frame a reply.
Shed joked that as a last resort she could create a distraction by taking her mask off but I never thought shed do it.
Woodville Gentle reached out a hand in a tentative, gentle gesture, as if to touch Lesley cheek, but she jerked her head back and quickly fumbled her mask back on.
I suddenly noticed that Varenka, whod been standing off to the side watching, had turned to look down the corridor and into the master bedroom.
I kept absolutely still.
I was in shadow and certain that if I did not move she would not see me.
She turned her head to say something to Woodville Gentle and I took a step sideways out of sight.
Score one for the Kentish Town ninja boy.
THE THINGS I do to keep you out of trouble, said Lesley as we rode the lift down to the car park.
She meant taking off her mask.
Was it worth it.
Nothing that I could feel, I said.
I wonder what the cause of his stroke was, she said.
A debilitating stroke was one of the many varied and exciting side effects of practicing magic.
You know if there was a bunch of posh kids learning magic, some of them are bound to have done themselves an injury at some point.
Maybe we should ask Dr.
Walid to look for strokes and stuff among our suspect pool.
You must really like paperwork.
The doors opened and we navigated our way out into the freezing car park.
That is how you catch villains, Peter, said Lesley.
By doing the legwork.
I laughed and she punched me in the arm.
What.
she asked, I really missed you when you were not around, I said.
Oh, she said, and was quiet all the way back to the Folly.
We were not surprised to find that Nightingale had not made it back from Henley or that Molly was haunting the entrance waiting for him to return.
Toby bounced around my legs as I headed for the private dining room where Molly had optimistically set the table for two.
For the first time since I moved in, a fire had been lit in the fireplace.
I went back out onto the balcony and spotted Lesley heading for the stairs up to her room.
Lesley, I called.
Wait up.
She stopped and looked at me, her face a mask of dirty pink.
Come and have dinner, I said.
You might as well, otherwise it will just go to waste.
She glanced up the stairs and then back at me.
I know the mask itches and that she was probably dying to get up to her room and get it off.
I have seen your face, I said.
So has Molly.
And Toby does not give a shit as long as he gets a sausage.
Toby barked on cue.
Just take the fucking thing off I hate eating on my own.
She nodded.
Okay, she said and started up the stairs.
Hey.
I called after her.
I have got to moisturize, you pillock, she called back.
I looked down at Toby, who scratched his ear.
Guess who coming to dinner, I said.
Molly, stung perhaps by the amount of takeout we ate in the coach house, had started to experiment.
But tonight, probably for comfort, shed reached back into the classics.
All the way back to ye olde England, in fact.
It is venison in cider, I said.
She had it soaking overnight.
I know because I went down looking for a snack last night and the fumes nearly knocked me out.
Molly had served it up garnished with mushrooms in a casserole dish, with roast potatoes, watercress, and green beans.
The important thing from my point of view was that it was steaks Molly could be very old fashioned about things like sweetbreads, which I might add are not what a lot of you think they are.
After you have attended a couple of fatal car accidents, offal loses its appeal.
In fact I am amazed I will still eat kebabs.
Lesley had her mask off and I did not know where to look.
There was a sheen of sweat on her forehead, and the skin on her cheeks and what was left of her nose looked pink and inflamed.
I can not chew properly on the left side, she said.
It is going to look weird.
Venison, I thought, a lovely meat but notoriously chewy well done, Peter.
Is it like the way you eat spaghetti.
I asked.
I eat it the way Italians eat it, she said.
Yeah, facedown in the bowl, I said.
Very stylish.
The venison was not chewy it cut like butter.
But Lesley was right, it did look funny the way she bulged it all the way over in one cheek like a chipmunk with a toothache.
She gave me a sour look, which made me laugh.
What.
she asked after swallowing.
I noticed that the scars from the latest operation on her jaw were still red and inflamed.
It is nice to be able to see your expression, I said.
She froze.
How am I supposed to know whether you are taking the piss or not.
I asked.
Her hand came up toward her face and stopped.
She looked at it, as if surprised to find it hovering in front of her mouth, and then used it to pick up her water instead.
Could not you just assume that I was always taking the piss.
she asked.
I shrugged and changed the subject.
What did you think of our high rise recluse.
She frowned.
I was surprised I did not know she could still do that.
Interesting, I thought, she said.
The nurse was scary, though do not you think.
We should have taken one of the Rivers, I said.
They can tell you are a practitioner just by smelling you.
But then, the Rivers were gods, albeit local ones, so they were bound to have a few talents.
Really.
What do we smell like.
I did not want to ask, I said.
I am sure Beverley thought you smelled lovely, said Lesley.
She was right.
Mask or no mask, I still could not tell when she was taking the piss.
I wonder if it is innate to the Rivers or if all I stopped myself before I said magical folk.
A man got to have some standards.
Creatures.
suggested Lesley.
Monsters.
Magically endowed, I said.
Well, Beverley was certainly magically endowed, said Lesley.
Definitely taking the piss, I thought.
Do you think it is something we could learn to do.
she asked.
It would make the job a lot easier if we could sniff them out.
You can tell when somebody is shaping a forma in their mind.
It is like vestigia.
Anyone can sense it, the trick as always is to recognize the sense impression for what it is.
Nightingale said that you could learn to recognize an individual practitioner by their signre, the distinctive signature of their magic.
Once Lesley had joined us I did a blind taste test and found that I could not tell the difference at all although Nightingale could, ten times out of ten.
It is something you learn to do with practice, hed said.
He also claimed that he could not only tell who cast a spell, but who had trained the caster and sometimes who had developed the spell.
I was not sure I believed him.
I have got a tentative experimental protocol, I said.
But it involves getting one of the Rivers to sit still while we take turns listening to her head.
And wed need Nightingale to act as a control.
That is not going to happen anytime soon, said Lesley.
Maybe it is in the library how your Latin.
Better than yours.
Aut viam inveniam aut faciam, I said, which means, I will either find a way or make one, which was a favorite of Nightingale and attributed to Hannibal.
Vincit qui se vincit, said Lesley, who loved learning Latin almost as much as I did.
She conquers who conquer themselves, another Nightingale favorite and the motto from Disney Beauty and the Beast, which was something we had not had the heart to tell him yet.
It is pronounced win kit not vincent, I said.
Bite me, said Lesley.
I grinned at her and she smiled back sort of.
TUESDAY CHAPTER Sloane Square THE MURDER Team Outside Inquiry Team lives in a big room on the first floor, sandwiched between the Inside Inquiry Team and the Intelligence Unit motto We do the thinking so that other coppers do not have to.
It was a large room with pale blue walls and dark blue carpet crammed with a dozen desks and a variety of swivel chairs, some of which were held together with duct tape.
In the old days it would have smelled of secondhand cigarettes but nowadays it had the familiar tang of police under pressure I am not sure it is an improvement.
Id been told to attend the seven oclock morning briefing, so I rolled up at a quarter to, to find that I was sharing a desk with Guleed and DC Carey.
A full Murder Team is about twenty five people, and most of those arrived in time for the briefing to actually start at seven fifteen.
There was much slurping of coffee and moaning about the snow.
I said hello to the officers I knew from the Jason Dunlop case and then we all found seats or perched on desks at one end of the room, where Seawoll stood in front of a whiteboard just like they do on TV.
Sometimes your dreams really can come true.
Seawoll ran through where, when, how, and who.
Stephanopoulos gave a quick victimology of James Gallagher and tapped a photocopy of a picture of Zachary Palmer face that had been stuck on the whiteboard.
No longer a suspect, she said, and I realized with a start that nobody had told me he was a suspect.
Obviously when you play with the big boys you are expected to keep up.
We have CCTV coverage of the front and back access to the house in Kensington Park Road and there no sign of him leaving until we turn up the next morning.
She started running the various alternative lines of inquiry, and one of the DCs near me murmured, It is going to be a grinder.
Second day, no prime suspect.
He was right, it was going to be a matter of grinding the leads down until something popped.
Unless of course there was a supernatural shortcut, in which case this was my chance to make an impression.
Maybe pick up some favors, get a bit of respect.
I should have smacked myself in the face for having that thought.
Seawoll introduced a thin, brown haired white woman in a smart but travel creased skirt suit with a gold badge hung from her belt.
This is Special Agent Kimberley Reynolds from the FBI, he said, and we all went Ooh the whole room we just could not help ourselves.
That did not bode well for international cooperation because we were all bound to be extra surly to cover up the embarrassment.
Since James Gallagher father is a U.S.
senator, the American embassy has requested that Agent Reynolds be allowed to observe the investigation on their behalf, said Seawoll.
He nodded at a male DS seated on a desk on the other side from me.
Bob there will be handling the security aspects of the case in case they relate back to the senator.
Bob held up his hand in greeting, and Agent Reynolds nodded back, a tad nervously, I thought.
I have asked Agent Reynolds to give us some further background on the victim, said Seawoll.
There was nothing nervous about her delivery, though.
Her accent sounded like a mixture of southern and midwestern but had grown clipped through her FBI training and experience.
She certainly rattled through James Gallagher early life youngest of three children, born in Albany while his father was a state senator which was emphatically not the same as being the state senator.
He was privately educated, showed an aptitude for art, attended New York University.
One speeding ticket when he was seventeen, and his name came up during an inquiry into a fellow student is overdose a year before he graduated.
A canvass of his college friends indicated a young man who was personable and well liked, if rather reserved.
I raised my hand I did not know what else to do.
Yes, Peter, said Seawoll.
I thought I heard someone snigger but it might have been my paranoia.
Is there any history of mental illness in the family.
I asked.
Not that we know of, said Reynolds.
There are no psychiatric consults and no prescriptions for any medication beyond the usual cold and flu remedies.
Do you have some reason to believe there is a psychiatric element to the case.
I did not need to look at Seawoll face to know how to answer that one.
It was just a thought, I said.
For the first time, Agent Reynolds looked straight at me she had green eyes.
Moving on, said Seawoll.
I made a slow tactical fade toward the back of the room.
A MURDER investigation, like other major police operations, is assigned a name by SCD Operational Support.
It used to be done by an administrative assistant with a dictionary who put a line through each word as it was used, but now it is got a bit more sophisticated if only to avoid PR disasters like Swamp and Geronimo.
The William Skirmish murder had been Operation Turquoise the death of Jason Dunlop, Operation Cartwheel and now James Gallagher sad demise would forever be enshrined in the annals of the Metropolitan Police as Operation Matchbox.
It was not much of an epitaph, but as Lesley liked to say, better than the American system where all the jobs would be called a variation on Operation Catch Bad Guys.
I went back to my desk and discovered that during the briefing, elves had apparently crept in and placed a couple of purple Ryman folders on my bit of the desk.
Each had a smaller printed memo stapled to the top corner.
It was dated, marked Operation Matchbox, with my name, and under that a line that read Trace origin of earthenware fruit bowl.
Priority High.
The second memo read Canvass Art Gallery for sightings of James Gallagher, take statements as necessary.
Priority High.
Your first actions, said Stephanopoulos, nodding at the folders.
You must be very proud.
She got me logged in, which was a suspicious amount of help and attention from a Detective Inspector, and explained the priority codes to me.
Officially, low means we want it within a week, she said.
Medium is five days and high priority is three.
And really.
I asked.
Today, now, and I want it bloody yesterday.
I was logging out when Special Agent Reynolds approached me.
Excuse me, Constable Grant, she said.
May I ask you a question.
Call me Peter, I said.
She nodded.
I wonder, Constable, if you could tell me what makes you think there might be mental illness in the family.
I told her about the shift in James artwork at St.
Martins and how I thought it might have been an indication of incipient mental illness or drug abuse or both.
Reynolds looked skeptical but it was hard to tell, given that she did not seem to like making eye contact.
Is there any hard evidence.
she asked.
There the artwork, the statement by his tutor, the self help book on mental illness, and his flatmate smoked a lot of dope, I said.
Apart from that no.
So you have nothing, she said.
Do you even have a background in mental health.
I thought of my parents but I did not think they counted so I said no.
Then it would be better if you did not speculate without evidence, she said sharply.
Then she shook her head as if to clear it and walked away.
Somebody does not know they are not in Kansas anymore, said Stephanopoulos.
That was off, I said.
Do not you think.
I did think she was going to ask for your birth certificate at one point, she said.
Come down to the office before you go.
Seawoll wants a word.
I promised not to run off.
After Stephanopoulos had left I took a moment to stare at Agent Reynolds as she had a drink at the watercooler.
She looked tired and ill at ease.
I did some mental calculations assuming half a day of bureaucratic arse covering, I guessed shed got the overnight from Washington or New York.
Shed have had to come straight from the airport no wonder she looked like shit.
She caught me staring, blinked, remembered who I was, scowled, and looked away.
I went downstairs to see how much trouble I was in.
Seawoll and Stephanopoulos had their lair on the first floor in a room divided into four offices, one big one for Seawoll and three small ones for the D.I.s working under him.
This suited everyone, since all us foot soldiers could get on with our work without the oppressive presence of our senior officers, and our senior officers could work in peace and quiet in the full knowledge that only something really urgent would motivate us to schlep down the stairs and interrupt them.
Seawoll was waiting for me behind his desk.
There was coffee he was reasonable and I was suspicious.
We have given you the actions relating to the pot and the art gallery because you think that is where the funny business is, he said.
But I do not want you haring off into the fucking distance.
Because quite frankly I do not think your career can survive much more in the way of property damage, what with the ambulances and the helicopters.
The helicopter was nothing to do with me, I said.
Do not play silly buggers with me, lad, said Seawoll.
He idly picked a paper clip off his desk and began to methodically torture it.
If you get so much as a sniff of a suspect I want to know right away and I want everything in the statements.
Except of course the stuff you can not put in the statements, in which case you inform Stephanopoulos or me as soon as possible.
The father is a U.S.
senator, said Stephanopoulos.
Do I need to stress how important it is that neither he, Agent Reynolds, or, more important, the American media get even a whiff of anything unusual.
The paper clip broke between Seawoll fingers.
The commissioner phoned this morning, he said, picking up another paper clip.
He wants to make it clear that should the beady eye of the media fall upon you, he expects you to dig a hole, climb in, and bleeding stay there until we tell you otherwise.
Got it.
Do what I am told, tell you everything, do not tell the Americans anything, and do not end up on TV, I said.
He a cheeky bugger, said Seawoll.
Yes, he is, said Stephanopoulos.
Seawoll dropped the mangled paper clip back into a little Perspex box, where it served, presumably, as an awful warning to the rest of the stationery.
Any questions.
he asked.
Have you finished with Zachary Palmer yet.
I asked.
CHAPTER Nine Elms GIVEN THAT I was not only getting him out of the custody suite but also offering him a lift home, Zachary Palmer seemed curiously displeased to see me.
How come you locked me up.
he asked as we drove back.
I pointed out that he had not been under arrest and could have just asked to leave whenever he wanted to.
He seemed surprised to learn that, which confirmed that either he was not a career criminal or he was too stupid to pass the entrance exam.
I wanted to clean the house up, he said.
You know, so it would look nice for when his parents visited.
It had stopped snowing overnight and the sheer weight of London traffic cleared the main roads.
You still had to be careful in the side streets, not least because gangs of kids had taken to snowballing passing cars.
You have got a cleaning lady, do not you.
I said.
Oh yeah, he said as if suddenly remembering.
But I do not think she comes in today and anyway she not my cleaning lady, she was Jim.
Now that he not there she probably will not come.
I do not want them to think I am a slacker his parents I want them to know he had a mate.
How did you meet James Gallagher.
I asked.
Why do you always do that.
Do what.
Call him by both his names all the time, said Zach, slouching down in his seat.
He liked being called Jim.
It is a police thing, I said.
It avoids confusion and shows some respect.
How did you meet him.
Who.
Your friend Jimmy, I said.
Can we stop off for some breakfast.
You know it is been left entirely up to me whether we charge you or not.
I lied.
Zach started absently tapping the window.
I was a mate of one of his mate mates, he said.
We just got on.
He liked London but he was shy, he needed a guide and I needed a place to crash.
This was close enough to the statements hed given first to Guleed and then to Stephanopoulos for me to think it might even be the truth.
Stephanopoulos had asked about drugs, but Zach had sworn blind and on his mother life that James Gallagher had not partaken.
Did not have any objections, mind, just was not interested.
Guide to what.
I asked as I negotiated the tricky corner at Notting Hill Gate.
It had begun to snow again, not as heavy as the day before but enough to make the road surface slick and unforgiving.
Pubs, clubs, said Zach.
You know, places, art galleries London.
He wanted to go to places in London.
Did you show him where to buy the fruit bowl.
I asked.
I do not know why you are so interested in that fruit bowl.
It is just a bowl.
Amazingly, I did not tell him it was because I thought it was a magic fruit bowl.
It is the sort of thing that can open one up to ridicule.
It is a police thing, I said.
I know where he got it, he said.
But we might have to have breakfast first.
PORTOBELLO ROAD is a long thin road that undulates from Notting Hill to the Westway and beyond.
It is been the front line in the gentrification war since the big money started arriving in Ladbroke Grove with the pop stars and the film directors in the swinging sixties.
There been a market there since the time you could walk into fields at the north end and catch fish in Counter Creek.
The antiques market, the bit that sucks in tourists every Saturday, only got started in the s, but it is what everyone thinks of when they hear the name.
As the well heeled bohemians were replaced by the really rich in the s, Portobello became a barometer of social change.
Starting at the Notting Hill end, the neat little Victorian terraces were snaffled up by people with six figure salaries, and the big high street chains have been looking to spawn among the antiques shops and Jamaican cafs.
Only the redbrick council estates stand like bastions against the remorseless tide, glowering down on the City folk and the media professionals and lowering the house prices by their very presence.
Portobello Court was a case in point, guarding the crossroads with Elgin Crescent and the transition between antiques market and the fruit and veg.
Holding the line so that a man could still find double sausage, eggs, beans, toast, and chips for a fiver and at the same time keep an eye on the patch allocated to the market stall where, Zach swore, James Gallagher had bought his fruit bowl.
He had the fry up and I had a rather nice mushroom omelet and a cup of tea.
Zach picked up a discarded copy of the Sun, glanced at the headline LONDON E.
COLI OUTBREAK CONFIRMED and turned to the sports pages.
I kept my eyes focused out the window where the space the patch occupied was vanishing under the fresh snow.
I phoned Lesley.
How do I check on the owners of a market stall in Portobello.
I asked.
Zach paused mid chew to look at me.
You call the Inside Inquiry Team, she said.
Who are actually paid to answer your stupid questions.
I could hear street sounds behind her.
Where are you.
Gower Street, she said.
I have got another appointment with a specialist.
I said goodbye and fished about in my address book for the Inside Inquiry Team number.
Zach gave me an urgent little wave.
What.
I have got a little confession to make, he said.
I was not entirely honest.
I am shocked, I said.
The actual stall, he said.
The one you want is that one.
He pointed to a stall farther down the street.
It was selling pots, pans, and assorted dodgy kitchenware, and had been when we stepped into the caf half an hour earlier.
I have got a philosophical question, I said.
Do you realize that the consequence of your continually lying to me is an erosion of trust that could have adverse consequences at a later date for instance in about five minutes.
Not really, said Zach around a mouthful of chips.
I have always been a live in the moment kind of guy.
A grasshopper not an ant.
What happens in five minutes.
I finish my tea, I said.
If you live in London just about the last thing you expect is a white Christmas.
The stallholder had been ready for the festive season.
There was tinsel draped around the struts of his stall and a small plastic Christmas tree with a LAST MINUTE XMAS BARGAINS.
sign attached where the fairy should go.
But he had to keep knocking the accumulated snow off his awning or risk it collapsing.
It also meant he was much more pleased to see me than he might have been even after seeing my warrant card.
My brother, my brother, my brother, he said.
I know the law never sleeps, but surely you must be looking for something for someone special.
I am looking for an earthenware fruit bowl, I said, and showed him a picture on my phone.
I remember these, he said.
The man who sold them said they were unbreakable.
Were they.
Unbreakable.
As far as I know.
The stallholder blew on his hands and then stuffed them into his armpits.
He said it was an ancient process whose secrets had been guarded since the dawn of time.
But it looked like pottery to me.
Whod you get them from.
It was one of the Nolan brothers, he said.
The youngest Kevin.
Who are the Nolans.
The stallholder looked at Zach.
You know them, Zachy boy, do not you.
he said.
Zach bobbed his head noncommittally.
Nolan and Sons wholesalers, said the stallholder.
Only strictly speaking they are the Nolan Brothers now since the dad died.
Local boys.
Not for ages, he said, gesturing vaguely south.
Covent Garden now.
I thanked him and gave him a tenner for his trouble.
It never hurts to cultivate, and I was thinking that wherever the case went, Portobello needed to be on my radar.
I wondered when the last time Nightingale had been up here probably not since the s.
If you do not need me anymore, said Zach, I will be off.
Not a chance, I said.
You can come with me down to Covent Garden.
He twisted up his shoulders.
What do you need me for.
Because you do not want to go, I thought, and because you have marked enough squares on the suspicious behavior board for me to call bingo.
You can be my local guide, I said.
NEW COVENT Garden is where old Covent Garden went when it switched from being London major fruit, vegetable, and flower market to being a refurbished tourist trap with a rather good opera house attached.
It is across the river at Nine Elms, so I took the Chelsea Bridge as the lesser of two evils nobody goes across Vauxhall Bridge in the morning unless they are new in town or working for MI.
The river was gray under the snow clouds, and as we crossed I could see where the portacabins were beginning to accrete around the solid brick mass of Battersea Power Station.
The whole area, including the market, was due to suffer obliteration by urban regeneration in the coming years.
I suspected the stacked Tupperware school of architecture, whose work already lined much of the Thames, would predominate.
I turned off Nine Elms into the access road and stopped at the tollgate.
I forked over the entry fee rather then show my warrant card in order to forestall any advance word of my coming.
That useful bit of advice had come with the pool report from the Inside Inquiry Team, whod managed a pretty exhaustive check on Nolan and Sons in the hour it took me to drive there.
The access road dipped under the railway tracks, and I followed the signs around into the market proper.
The market buildings had been built in the s as a scaled up replica of the arcade in the original Covent Garden, only this time making sure it was dingily utilitarian in concrete and breeze block.
Two rows of arcades with shop sized units allowed display at one end and easy lorry access at their backs.
When it is busy it is really impressive, but being a fresh fruit and vegetable market, the working day was over by seven in the morning.
By the time I drove into the complex the shutters were down and the new snow was already thick around the entrances to the loading bay.
Fortunately, Nolan and Sons did not run to a place in the main market.
They operated out of one of a line of railway arches nearby.
Their shutters were up and an aging Transit van was parked outside NOLAN AND SONS was written on a sign at the front of the arch and repeated in flaking paint on the van.
Tight bastards, muttered Zach.
Their dad been dead for twenty years and they can not be arsed to change the signs.
Id parked the Asbo under the overhang of the elevated railway tracks three arches down from Nolan and Sons so I could observe for a bit without the windscreen getting covered in snow.
I asked Zach why he had not wanted to come down to the market.
I got into a bit of trouble last year my face is banned from the market, he said.
But you are with me, I said.
I am the police that makes it official.
Ha, he barked.
The police.
Please, as if.
No offense, but you people have no idea what is really going on.
No.
What is really going on, then.
Things you would not believe, he said.
Who that.
I asked as a skinny white boy in a blue Adidas hoodie emerged from the arches and half ran, half stumbled toward the main market.
In this weather wearing just a hoodie was a true example of style over brains.
He was so skinny that he must have been freezing.
That is our Kevin, said Zach.
Not too bright.
What would not I believe.
I asked.
You still on about that.
asked Zach.
You brought it up.
Let is just say that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy, said Zach.
That is Shakespeare, that is.
Are we talking aliens here.
Do not be stupid, he said.
But I did see a unicorn in Epping Forest.
When was that.
Back when I was a kid, said Zach he sounded wistful, like it was a real memory.
And there a shabeen at the top of a council flat where you can get the best beer and bootleg comedy acts this side of the Hudson River.
And there a girl that lives on the canal at Little Venice who grows blow underwater.
You are sure it is not seaweed.
I asked, but I was thinking that Zach was a little too well informed to just be your average London wheeler dealer.
Not that I was going to let him know that I knew.
The golden rule for policing is always try to know more than any suspects, witnesses, and officers of superintendent rank and above.
This is magic weed, he said.
I had a block to sell once and I ended up smoking it all myself.
It had obviously temporarily slipped Zach mind that I was police happens quite a lot with white guys, I have noticed.
Can be very useful at times.
Kevin Nolan came out dragging a pair of garbage bags behind him.
He dropped them near the back of the Transit van.
We watched as he pulled a stack of plywood crates off a stack and started emptying the contents of the garbage bags into them it looked like greens to me.
His movements were exaggeratedly sloppy and sullen, like a child whod been nagged into tidying his room.
What do you think he doing.
I asked.
Late bargains, said Zach.
You can get a lot of cheap stuff if you wait this late in the day and you are not picky.
The garbage bags emptied, Kevin started loading the crates into the back of the van.
I did not want to chase him around town in this weather, so I got out of the car.
You be here when I get back, I told Zach.
Trust me, he said.
I have got no intention of leaving this vehicle.
There a number of different ways to handle the initial approach to a member of the public, ranging from insinuating yourself into a conversation to warming up with a preemptive smack on the head with your baton.
I decided to go for bold and authoritative, because that usually has the best effect on long thin nervous streaks of piss like Kevin.
I squared my shoulders and advanced with my warrant card in full view.
Kevin Nolan, I said.
Can I have a word.
It was perfect.
I caught him just as he was picking up crates.
As soon as he recognized me as police he gave a startled jump and literally looked left and then right, as if contemplating a runner.
Then he collected himself and opted, boringly, for sulky belligerence.
Yeah, he said.
Relax, I said.
I am not here about the parking fines.
He grunted and put the crate he was carrying into the back of the van.
What are you here about.
he asked.
I asked him about the pottery fruit bowl hed allegedly sold to the stallholder in Portobello Road.
Earthenware, he said.
Is that the stuff that looks like it is not painted.
I said it was.
What about it.
he asked, and stuck his finger in his ear and twisted it a few times.
I wondered if his head was going to hinge open.
Where did you get it.
I asked.
Do not know, he said.
Do not look at me like that honestly I do not remember.
Some geezer traded it to me in a pub I must have been pissed anyway because it was a fucker to shift.
Look, I am not interested in its provenance or anything, I said.
Its what.
Its provenance, I said slowly.
Whether it was stolen or not.
It was tat, said Kevin.
Why would anyone want to steal it you could not give it away.
I gave him my card and told him to phone me if anything similar turned up.
I took some encouragement in the fact that he did not just ostentatiously throw it away in front of me.
I went back to the Asbo, where Zach asked me if Id got what I wanted.
I expressed my displeasure at the current state of my investigation as I started the car and tried to figure out where the exit was.
I do not know why you are so interested in this bowl, said Zach.
It is not exactly your object dart, is it.
It is not even a very pretty color.
Which was when I remembered the statuette on the mantelpiece back at James Gallagher house.
That had been the same dull earthenware as the fruit bowl.
I am not an expert on Victorian knickknacks but I did not think that was a common color for a figurine.
Did James buy a statue as well.
I asked.
Zach paused too long before saying, Do not know.
Meaning yes but you do not want me to know.
Which meant one of two things either Zach knew the bowl and the statue were connected or he just could not not lie when asked a straight question.
Either seemed equally likely.
Okay, I said.
I am going to drop you off back at the house.
Why.
he asked suspiciously.
It is all part of the service, sir, I said.
CHAPTER Southwark THIS IS police work you go from point A to point B, where you learn something that forces you to schlep back to point A again to ask questions that you did not know to ask the first time.
If you are really unlucky you do both directions in the worst snow since written records began and with Zachary Palmer offering you driving advice while you do it.
Portobello Road was struggling to stay open in the weather.
Half the stalls had been dismantled and the remaining stallholders were stamping their feet and gritting their teeth.
Fortunately the entrance to the mews on Kensington Park Gardens had been swept clear by a parade of official vehicles.
The statue was on the mantelpiece in the living room, exactly where I remembered it, and had been dusted for prints but not deemed interesting enough to take away.
There was even an Italian cleaning lady named Sonya who was busy cleaning up the mess left by the forensic people under the watchful eye of DC Guleed.
Not that this is supposed to be our job, she said testily.
Even if you are a family liaison it is not really your job to supervise the cleanup before the grieving relatives arrive.
I guessed that U.S.
senators counted as a special case.
Has her statement been taken.
I asked.
No, said Guleed.
We completely forgot to ask her about the victim movements because we are just that unprofessional.
I gave her the hard stare and she sighed.
Sorry, she said.
The father phoned from the airport we do not think he taking it well.
Trouble.
Guleed looked over at Zach, who was rooting around in the kitchen for snacks.
I do not think your friend wants to be here when the senator turns up.
Not my problem, I said.
Oh, thank you so much for dumping him on me, then, she said.
I suppose you are happy now that you have got your statue.
It is a very special statue, I said.
Only it was not really, at least not in and of itself.
It depicted the ever popular Venus Aphrodite surprised by a sculptor and struggling to cover her tits with one hand and keeping her drape at waist height with the other so beloved of art connoisseurs in the long weary days before the invention of Internet porn.
It was twenty centimeters high, and only when I picked it up did I realize that it was not only made of the same material as the fruit bowl but also slightly magical.
Nothing like the fruit bowl, but had we been talking radioactivity, then my Geiger counter would have been ticking away in a sinister fashion.
I wondered if James Gallagher had noticed the same thing.
Was it possible that hed been a practitioner.
Nightingale had told me there was a whole American tradition of wizardry, more than just one in fact, but he thought it had gone dormant after World War Two as well.
He could have been wrong it is not like his track record in that area was particularly impressive.
Sonya, from a small village in Brindisi, said that she remembered the statue well.
James had bought it from a man not far from where we were now.
I asked if she meant the market but she said no, from a private auction at a house in Powis Square.
I asked if she was sure of the address.
Of course, she said.
He asked me for directions.
POWIS SQUARE was a typical late Victorian garden square with town houses built around a rectangular park that had been rendered as shapeless as a duvet by the snow.
Dusk was coming early under slate gray clouds as I parked the car, at an angle to the curb, on the west side and counted numbers until I reached.
The facade was covered in scaffolding, the serious kind with tarpaulins stretched between the poles to keep the dust in a sign that the money was gutting another terraced house.
It used to be that you knocked through the ground floor rooms, but now the fashion among the rich was to rip out the whole interior.
Surprisingly, given the weather, there were lights on behind the tarpaulins and I could hear people talking in Polish or Romanian or something else Eastern European.
Maybe they were used to the snow.
I stepped inside the scaffolding and made my way up the steps to the front door.
It was open to show a narrow hallway in the process of being dismantled.
A man in a hard hat, a suit, and carrying a clipboard turned to stare at me when I entered.
He wore a black turtleneck sweater under his suit jacket and the kind of massive multifunction watch that appeals to people who regularly jump from aircraft into the sea while wearing scuba gear.
Or at least really wished they did.
Probably the architect, I thought.
Can I help you.
he asked in a tone that indicated he thought it was unlikely.
I am Peter Grant with the Metropolitan Police, I said.
Really.
he said, and I swear his face lit up.
How can I help you.
I told him I was looking into a report of disturbances at the address and asked if hed noticed anything.
The man, who really was the architect, asked when the disturbances occurred, and when I told him the previous week, gave me a relieved smile.
It was not us, Officer, he said.
None of us were here last week.
Given the scaffolding and how much of the interior was missing, they must have been working bloody fast I said so, which got a laugh.
If only, said the man.
We have been at this since March.
We had to suspend work last week.
We were waiting for some marble, white Carrara in fact, and it just completely failed to arrive and until it did arrive, so what was I to do.
Hed sent his contingent of Poles, Romanians, and Croats home for the week.
I still paid them, he said.
I am not entirely heartless.
Was there any sign of a break in.
I asked.
Not that hed noticed, he said, but I was welcome to ask his workers, which I did despite the language barrier.
Only one guy reported anything and that was a vague sense that things might have been moved around while they were gone.
I asked them if theyd enjoyed their week off, but they all said theyd gone and found casual work.
Before I left I asked if I could have a quick look around, and the architect told me to help myself.
The first two stories of the house had been knocked out.
I could see the remnants of the plaster molding and a dirty line of exposed brickwork like a high tide mark.
As I stepped into the middle I got a flash of piano music, a bit of jangly pub music, roll out the barrel, knees up Mother Brown, it does you good to get out of an evening.
And with the piano, the smell of gunpowder and patchouli oil and the flick flick flick of an old fashioned film projector.
It was vestigium, almost a lacuna a pocket of residue magical effect.
Or, as Lesley put it, that feeling where someone walks over your grave.
Something magical had happened in the house, but unfortunately all I could tell was that it was either recent or very strong and a long time ago.
When I came out I did a quick canvass of the houses on either side.
Most of the residents had not noticed anything unusual although one thought that hed heard piano music a couple of evenings back.
I asked what kind of piano music.
Old fashioned, said the neighbor, who was white, thin, and nervous in an expensive kind of way.
Rather like a music hall in fact.
Do you know, now that I think about it, I believe there was singing.
I noted that as some evidence that the premises had been in use the week previously by person or persons unknown, which could go in the report, and heavy magical activity, which would not.
I sat in the Asbo with the engine running and wrote out a first draft of my statement.
You need to get this stuff down as soon as possible so you can make a clear distinction between what you plan to write down and what really happened.
I was just detailing the statue and trying to remember where Id written down its evidence reference number when my phone rang.
I checked the number was being withheld.
PC Grant.
asked a man.
Speaking, I said.
Who this.
Simon Kittredge, CTC, he said.
I am Special Agent Reynolds liaison.
CTC is Counter Terrorism Command, which despite the name does all the spook related stuff for the Metropolitan Police.
Including providing experienced minders for friendly foreign observers, to ensure they do not observe anything that might upset them.
I could not think why he was calling me, but I doubted it was good news.
What can I do you for.
I asked.
I wondered if Agent Reynolds has made contact with you recently.
he asked.
If he was phoning strangers it could only mean that Reynolds had given him the slip.
Why would she want to talk to me.
I asked.
A definite pause this time as Kittredge weighed his embarrassment at needing my help against his need to find his wayward American.
She was asking after you, he said.
Really.
Did she say why.
No, said Kittredge.
But she picked up the fact that you are not part of the regular team.
Bloody hell, that was fast shed only just got off the plane.
If she makes contact what do you want me to do.
I asked.
Call me straightaway.
He gave me his number.
And give her some flannel until I can get there.
Yeah, well, I am good at flannel, I said.
So I have heard, said Kittredge, and hung up.
Heard from who.
I wondered.
I checked my watch.
Time for some culture, I thought.
ONWARD TO point C in this case Southwark, the traditional home of bearbaiting, whorehouses, Elizabethan theatre, and now the Tate Modern.
Built as an oil fired power station by the same geezer who designed the famous red telephone box, it was one of the last monumental redbrick buildings before the modernists switched their worship to the concrete altar of brutalism.
The power station closed in the s, and it was left empty in the hope that it would fall down on its own.
When it became clear that the bastard thing was built to last, they decided to use it to house the Tate modern art collection.
I parked the Asbo as close to the front entrance as I could get and trudged through the ankle deep snow that covered the forecourt running from the gallery to the Thames.
At the other end of the Millennium Bridge a floodlit St.
Paul rose out of a white and red jumble of refurbished warehouses, the spire brushing the bottom of the clouds.
In the distance I saw a couple of hunched figures scuttling across the bridge.
The central chimney of the museum was a blind wall of brick a hundred meters tall, and the main entrances were two horizontal slots on either side of its base.
An approach path had been swept clear of snow recently but was already starting to refill, and there were plenty of fresh footprints obviously James Gallagher had not been the only one with a flyer in his A to Z and a yen for culture.
Inside it was merely chilly rather than freezing and the floor was wet with snowmelt.
There was a temporary rope barrier and a very genteel looking bouncer who waved me through without asking for an invitation I suspect they were glad of all the bodies they could get.
A painfully thin white girl in a pink wool minidress and a matching furry hat offered me a glass of wine and a welcoming smile.
I took the wine but avoided the smile, what with me being on duty and everything.
Among the crowd, most of the women were dressed better than the men except for the ones who were gay or dressed by their partners.
My dad always says that only working class boys like him appreciate proper style, which is funny since my mum buys all his clothes.
It was a Guardian and Independent sort of crowd, high culture, high rent, talk the talk, walk the walk, and send your kids to private school.
I did a quick scan just in case Lady Ty was lurking in a corner somewhere.
The Tate Modern is dominated by the turbine hall, a vast cathedral like space high and wide enough for even the largest artistic ego.
Id come with the school once to see Anish Kapoor dirigible sized pitcher plant thing that had filled the hall from one end to the other.
Ryan Carroll did not rate this hall, but he did have the elevated floor that projected across the middle.
Because of the crowd, I had to get quite close to the sculptures before I could see them properly.
They were made out of shop manikins with what looked like bits of steam powered technology riveted into their bodies.
Theyd been posed as if twisting in agony and their facial features ground down until they presented smooth faces to the world.
It reminded me uncomfortably of Lesley mask or the head of the Faceless Man.
Brass plaques were attached to the manikins chests, each etched with a single word INDUSTRY on one, PROGRESS on another.
Steam punk for posh people, I thought.
Although the posh people did not seem particularly interested.
I looked around for another glass of fizzy wine and realized someone was watching me.
He was a young Chinese guy with mop of unruly black hair, a beard looking like a goatee that had got seriously out of hand, black square framed glasses, and a good quality cream colored suit cut baggy and deliberately rumpled.
Once he saw he had my attention he slouched over and introduced himself.
My name is Robert Su, he said, speaking English with a Canadian accent.
Id like, if I may, to introduce you to my employer.
He gestured to an elderly Chinese woman in what was either a very expensive dove gray Alex and Grace suit or the kind of counterfeit that is so well done that the difference becomes entirely metaphysical.
Peter Grant, I said and shook his hand.
He led me over to the woman, who despite her white hair and a stooped posture had a smooth unwrinkled face and startlingly green eyes.
May I introduce my employer, Madame Teng, said Robert.
I gave a clumsy half bow, and because that did not make me look stupid enough, clicked my heels for good measure.
Pleased to meet you, I said.
She nodded, gave me an amused smile, and said something in Chinese to Robert, who looked taken aback but translated anyway.
My employer asks what your profession might be, he said.
I am a police officer, I said, and Robert translated.
Madame Teng gave me a skeptical look and spoke again.
My employer is curious to know who your master is, said Robert.
Your true master.
With the emphasis he put on the word master, I was certain he was talking about magical rather than administrative authority.
I have many masters, I said, which when it was translated caused Madame Teng to snort with annoyance.
I felt it then, that catching on the edge of my perception, as when Nightingale demonstrates an exemplar forma to me, but different.
And there was a brief smell of burning paper.
I took an instinctive step backward, and Madame Teng smiled with satisfaction.
Lovely, I thought, just what I needed at the end of a long day.
Still, Nightingale would want to know who these people were, and as police you always want to come out of any conversation knowing more about them than they do about you.
And, being police, you are totally used to being considered rude and impolite.
So are you two from China.
I asked.
Madame Teng stiffened at the word China and launched into half a minute of rapid Chinese that Robert listened to with an expression of amused martyrdom.
We are from Taiwan, he said when his employer had finished.
She gave him a sharp look and he sighed.
My employer, he said, has a great deal to say about the subject.
Most of it esoteric and none of it relevant to you or I.
If youd be pleased to just nod occasionally as if I am recounting the whole tedious argument about sovereignty to you, Id be most grateful.
I did as he asked, although I had to restrain myself from stroking my chin and saying I see.
What brings you to London.
I asked then.
We go all over the place, said Robert Su.
New York, Paris, Amsterdam.
My employer likes to see what is going on in the world you could say that is her raison dtre.
Which makes you what.
Journalists.
Spies.
I asked.
Madame Teng recognized at least one of those professions and snapped something at Robert, who gave me an apologetic shrug.
Madame Teng asks you once again who is your master.
The Nightingale is his master, said a voice behind me.
I turned to find a stocky black woman in a strapless red dress cut low enough to show off broad muscled shoulders and cut high enough to reveal legs that could do an Olympic time hundred meters without taking off the high heels.
Her hair was shaved down to a fuzz and she had a wide mouth, flat nose, and her mother eyes.
I was caught in a wash of clattering machines, hot oil, and wet dog.
The cold did not seem to be bothering her at all.
Madame Teng bowed, properly, as well she might given that she was in the presence of a goddess that of the River Fleet no less.
Robert Su bowed lower than his employer because he had to, but I could see that he did not understand why.
Hello, Fleet, I said.
How tricks.
Fleet ignored me and gave Madame Teng a polite nod.
Madame Teng, she said.
How nice to see you in London again.
Will you be staying long.
Madame Teng says thank you, translated Robert.
And that while, of course, London in December is a true delight, she will be leaving in the morning for New York.
If Heathrow is open of course.
I am sure if you encounter any difficulties while leaving, my sisters and I stand ready to render you every assistance, said Fleet.
Madame Teng said something sharp to Robert Su, who offered me his business card.
I gave him one of mine in return.
He looked at the Metropolitan Police crest in amazement.
The police, he said.
Really.
Really, I said.
There was another round of carefully calculated nods and bows and the two withdrew.
I looked at the business card.
It had Robert Su name, mobile, email, and fax on it his job description was ASSISTANT TO MADAME TENG.
The reverse showed a simplified silhouette of a Chinese dragon, black against the white card.
Who were they.
I asked.
Who do you think.
asked Fleet.
She held out her hand and snapped her fingers and I swear a complete stranger broke off his conservation, pushed through the crowd until he found a waitress, and then pushed back to place a glass of white wine in Fleet is outstretched fingers.
Then he returned to his companions, and despite their quizzical looks, took up his conversation where hed left off.
Fleet sipped her wine and gave me a pained smile.
Do not tell Mum I did that, she said.
We are supposed to be blending in.
I realized suddenly the wet dog smell was not coming from Fleet.
I looked down and saw that a dog had crept up unnoticed to sit at her heel.
It was a patchy border collie that stared up at me with bright eyes, one amber and one blue.
That would have explained the wet dog smell if only the dog had not been perfectly dry.
It gave me the eye the fearsome gaze that sheepdogs use to keep their charges in line.
But I gave it the look the stare that policemen use to keep members of the public in a state of randomized guilt.
The dog showed me its incisors, and I might have escalated as far as me kissing my teeth had Fleet not told it to lie down which it did.
Only then did it occur to me that, technically, dogs were not allowed in the gallery.
He a working dog, said Fleet before I could ask.
Really.
What is his job.
He captain of my dogs, said Fleet.
How many dogs have you got.
More than I can handle on my own.
She sipped her white wine.
That is why I need a captain to keep them in order.
What is his name.
I asked.
Fleet smiled.
Ziggy, she said.
Of course it is, I thought.
Are you going to call Madame Teng.
she asked.
Not without checking with Nightingale first, I thought.
Do not know, I said.
I will see how I feel.
What are you doing here.
asked Fleet.
I have developed a sudden keen interest in contemporary art, I said.
What are you doing here.
I am supposed to be reviewing the show tomorrow night on Radio Four, she said.
If you miss it live you can always catch it on the website.
And you have not answered my question.
I thought I had, I said.
Are you on a job.
I could not possibly say, I said.
I am just here to expand my horizons.
Well, said Fleet, check out the pieces at the far end that should keep you suitably expanded.
THERE WERE only two pieces at the far end of the space, hard up against the bare brick of the exterior wall, and the crowd was noticeably thinner.
They struck me as soon as I approached, struck me the way the sight of a beautiful woman does, or Lesley ruined face, or a sunset, or a nasty traffic accident.
I could see it was having the same effect on the others that came to view it none of us got closer than a meter and most retreated slowly away from piece.
I got a sudden rushing, screaming sensation of terror as if Id been tied onto the front of a tube train and sent hurtling down the Northern Line.
No wonder people were stepping back.
It was about as powerful a vestigium as Id ever encountered.
Something seriously magical had gone into the making of the piece.
I took a deep breath and a slug of wine and stepped up for a closer look.
The manikin was the same make as those in the other gallery, but posed in this case with arms outflung and palms turned upward as if in prayer or supplication.
It wore on its torso what anyone with a passing interest in Chinese history or Dungeons and Dragons would recognize as the scale armor worn by the terra cotta army a tunic constructed by fastening together rectangular plates the size of playing cards.
Only in this case each plate had a face sculpted onto it.
Each of the faces, while simplified to a shape with a mouth, slits or dots for eyes, and the barest hint of a nose, was clearly individual and carved into a distinct expression of sadness and despair.
I felt that despair, and a strange sense of awe.
A slender man in his early thirties with a long face, short brown hair, and round glasses joined me in front of the sculpture.
I recognized him from the flyer in James Gallagher locker it was Ryan Carroll, the artist.
He wore a heavy coat and fingerless gloves.
Obviously not a man to put style before comfort.
I approved.
Do you like it.
he asked.
He had a soft Irish accent that if youd put a gun to my head Id have identified as middle class Dublin but not with any real confidence.
It is terrible, I said.
Yes, it is, he said.
And I like to think horrific as well.
That too, I said, which seemed to please him.
I introduced myself and we shook hands.
He had stained fingers and a strong grip.
Police.
he asked.
Are you here on business.
I am afraid so, I said.
The murder of a young art student named James Gallagher.
Carroll did not react.
Do I know him.
he asked.
He was an admirer of yours, I said.
Was he ever in contact.
What was his name again.
asked Ryan.
James Gallagher, I said.
Again not a flicker.
I pulled up a head shot on my phone and showed him that.
Sorry, he said.
This is where, as police, you have to make a decision do you ask for an alibi or not.
Fifty years of detective dramas mean that even the densest member of the public knows what it means when you ask where they were at a certain time or date.
Nobody believes just routine, even when it is true.
With television broadcast levels of vestigia radiating from his artwork, I figured Ryan Carroll had to be involved in something but I had no evidence that hed ever come in contact with James Gallagher.
I decided I would write him up that night and let Seawoll or Stephanopoulos decide whether they wanted him interviewed.
If his statement was taken by someone else from the Murder Team, I could pursue the magic angle while he was distracted.
I love it when a plan comes together, especially when it means someone else will do the heavy lifting.
I waved my glass at the manikin in his coat of despair.
Did you make them yourself.
I asked.
With my own little hands, he said.
You are going to make a million, I said.
That is the plan, he said smugly.
A blond woman in a blue dress waved at Ryan to get his attention.
When she had it, she pointed at her watch.
You will have to excuse me, Constable, said Ryan.
Duty calls.
He walked over to the blond woman, who took his arm and pulled him gently back toward the waiting crowd.
As they went she fussed at Ryan collar and jacket.
Manager, I wondered, or better half, or possibly both.
Most of the patrons gathered around them, and I heard the woman launch into what was unmistakably a warm up speech.
I guessed that Ryan Carroll was about to take his bow.
I looked at his work again.
The question was did he imbue it with its vestigia or did that come from a found object.
And if it did, was Ryan aware of its significance.
My phone rang it was Zach.
You have got to help me, he said.
Really.
Why that.
His old man threw me out of the house, he said.
I ai not got nowhere to go.
Try Turning Point.
They have got a big shelter up west, I said.
You can stay there tonight.
You owe me, said Zach.
No I do not, I said.
One of the lessons of policing is that everyone has a sad story, including the guy you have just arrested for shoving a chip pan in his wife face.
Obvious grifters like Zach were often way more convincing than those who had real grievances comes with practice, I suppose.
I think they are after me, he added.
Who they.
I asked.
There was a round of applause from the crowd.
If you pick me up I will tell you, he said.
Shit, I thought.
If I ignored him and he turned up dead, Id be facing some questions from Seawoll and a ton of paperwork.
Where are you.
I asked reluctantly.
Shepherd Bush near the market.
Get on the tube and meet me at Southwark.
I can not do the tube, he said.
It is not safe.
You are going to have to meet me here.
I asked him which end of the market and headed for the exit.
As I traversed the empty hallway, I saw Ziggy the dog sitting alertly on his haunches by the door to the gift shop.
He looked at me, tilted his head to one side, and then tracked me all the way out.
CHAPTER Shepherd Bush Market MY AIRWAVE was squawking about a fatac a fatal accident at Hyde Park Corner, so once I was across the river I swung north and went via Marylebone.
The Westway was eerily deserted as I climbed onto the elevated section, and it seemed I could have reached up and brushed the bottom of the clouds.
The snowflakes whipped through the white beam of my headlights and over my bonnet like streamers in a wind tunnel.
It is the closest Id ever come to driving in a blizzard and yet when I got on the slip road at the White City turnoff, I found myself gliding into a world of pale stillness.
It was only after the Holland Park roundabout, when I headed through Shepherd Bush, that I saw people again.
Pedestrians were walking gingerly along the pavement, shops were open, and idiots who should not have been driving in adverse conditions were forcing me to drop my speed to just over twenty.
Shepherd Bush Market is an elevated station, and as I approached the bridge where the tracks crossed the road I started to look out for Zach.
I pulled over by the locked battleship gray gates of the market and got out.
I turned to look as headlights approached, but the car, a decomposing early model Nissan Micra, surfed by on the road slush.
If, like me, you have spent two years as a Police Community Safety Officer and another two as a PC patrolling central London in the late evenings, you become something of a connoisseur of street violence.
You learn to differentiate the bantam posturing of drunks or the shrieking huddle of a girls night out gone south from the ugly shoving of a steaming gang and the meaty, strangely quiet crunch that indicates an intense desire by one human being to do bodily harm to another.
I heard a grunt, a smack, a whimper, and before I thought about it I had my extendable baton out and was across the road and heading for the shadows around the alley opposite the market.
There were two of them, bulky shapes in cold weather jackets, laying into a third person, who was hunched up in the snow.
Oi, I shouted.
Police.
What do you think you are doing.
It is traditional.
They turned and stared as I ran at them there was one big one and one skinny, as is also traditional.
I recognized the skinny one.
It was Kevin bloody Nolan.
He would have bolted, except that his big friend was made of sterner stuff.
The thing about being the police is that to do the job properly part of you has to enjoy mixing it up.
And the thing about members of the public, like the big idiot with Kevin Nolan who started squaring up to me, is that they expect there to be at least some kind of ritual exchange of insults before you get down to it.
The big one had just enough time to register that I was not going to stop when I drove my shoulder into his chest.
He staggered backward and tripped over the cowering man behind him.
As he went down, bellowing, I swiped Kevin bloody Nolan thigh with my baton hard enough to give him a dead leg.
Then I just reached out and shoved him off his feet.
You bastard, said the big man as he tried to get up.
Stay down or I will break your fucking arms, I said, and then thought, Shit, I only have one set of handcuffs.
Luckily the big man lay down again.
Are you really the police.
he asked almost plaintively.
Ask your mate Kevin, I said.
The big man sighed.
You stupid cunt, he said, but he was talking to Kevin.
You utter, utter moron.
I did not know he was going to be here, said Kevin.
Just keep your gob shut, said the big man.
I pushed his legs off the figure in the snow, who rolled over and grinned up at me it was Zach.
What a surprise.
You know I was really hoping for a Saint Bernard, he said as he sat up.
But what you are asking for is a smacking, I said.
I reached for my phone and was about to switch it on and call for backup when Zach tapped me on the leg and pointed up the alley.
Look out, he said.
A figure came running toward us, and I headed to block them.
Get back, I yelled, and the figure reached for a gun.
There something unmistakable about the way someone reaches for a concealed weapon.
The smooth way he pulled back his jacket with one hand while the other hand dipped under his armpit for the butt of the firearm.
I did not give him a chance to finish the movement I made the forma in my head, flung out my left hand, still holding my phone, and shouted, much louder than I am supposed to, Impello palma.
NIGHTINGALE CAN put a fireball through ten centimeters of steel armor, and I can singe my way through a paper target nine times out of ten, but really, in the interests of community policing, it is better to have something a bit less lethal in your armory.
Id used impello in anger twice and managed to seriously injure one suspect and kill the second.
More important, from Nightingale point of view, I was twisting the forma out of shape by making a sort of second off the cuff forma and ramming it into the back of the first.
Turpis vox, he called it, the unseen word, and it was a classic apprentice error.
You think you are being innovative, Nightingale had said.
But what you are doing is distorting the forma.
If you get into the habit of doing that, then those formae will not integrate properly when you start combining them with other formae to create proper spells.
I made the mistake of saying that the couple of spells I could do seemed to work well enough, which made him sigh and say, Peter, you are still learning first and second order spells.
Spells that are designed to be easy and forgiving, and that is why you learn them first.
Once you start getting to the higher order spells there no margin for error if you have not mastered the formae they will go wrong or backfire in unpredictable ways.
You have never shown me a high order spell, I said.
Really.
said Nightingale.
We must rectify that.
He took a deep breath and then, with a curiously theatrical wave of his hand, spoke a long spell that was at least eight formae long.
I pointed out that nothing had happened, which prompted Nightingale to give me one of his rare smiles.
Look up, he said.
I did and found that above my head a small cloud, about as wide as a tea tray, was gathering.
It looked like a compact mass of thick steam, and once it finished growing, raindrops began to fall on my upturned face.
I ducked out from under it and it followed me.
It was not very fast you could stay ahead of it with a brisk walking pace but as soon as you stopped it would drift to a halt overhead and bring a little bit of the English summer to a personal space near you.
I asked Nightingale what on earth the spell was for and he said it was a favorite of one of his masters at school.
At the time I thought he seemed inordinately fond of it, though, he said as he watched me dodge around the atrium.
Although I must say I am beginning to appreciate its appeal now.
According to my stopwatch, the spell lasted thirty seven minutes and twenty seconds.
Nightingale did relent and teach me an additional forma, palma, which allowed me to give people a nice, evenly spread, hopefully nonlethal smack.
I had him test it on me on the firing range.
It felt exactly like running into a glass door.
WITH A high pitched grunt the figure went down on its back in the snow.
I got to him just as he reached again into his jacket, so I smacked him hard on the wrist.
He yelped in pain, and I realized it was a woman and then saw her face and recognized her.
It was Agent Reynolds.
She looked up at me with bewilderment.
I heard a scuffling sound behind me, and Zach yelled, They are getting away.
Good, I thought, one less thing to worry about, and it was not like I could not find Kevin Nolan whenever I needed to.
Let them go, I said.
I could not leave Reynolds lying on her back in the snow with a possible concussion andor a broken wrist.
I told Zach to stay close and walked back to see her sitting up and cradling her wrist.
You hit me, she said.
Was not me, I said, crouched down in front of her and trying to see if her eyes were unfocused.
You must have slipped on some ice and gone down on your back.
You hit me on the wrist, she said.
You were reaching for a weapon, I said.
I am not carrying a weapon.
She opened her jacket to prove it.
Then what were you reaching for.
I asked.
She looked away.
I understood it had been an automatic reaction just like mine.
Hold on, she said and felt her nose.
If I fell on my back, why does my face hurt.
Have you got a headache.
I asked.
Are you feeling dizzy.
I am just fine, coach, she said, and pushed herself to her feet.
You can put me back in the game.
She spotted Zach and took a step toward him.
You, she said with an excellent command voice.
I want to talk to you.
Oi, I said.
None of that.
Why were you following me.
What makes you think I was following you.
she asked.
I pushed the jury rigged power switch on my phone to the On position, gave thanks it had been off when Id done the spell, and waited impatiently while it jingled at me cheerily and wasted my time with a hello graphic.
Who are you calling.
she asked.
I am calling Kittredge, I said.
Your liaison.
Wait.
If I explain, will you leave him out of it.
No promises, I said.
Let is find somewhere to sit down.
WE ENDED up, as is traditional, in a kebab shop just the other side of the bridge where I could keep an eye on my car.
Although first we had to scuff about in the snow looking for Zach repulsive sports bag, which we finally located via its smell.
Once inside I forked out for a kebab and chips for Zach and a mixed shish kebab for myself.
Reynolds seemed appalled by the whole notion of a rotating lamb roast and stuck with a Diet Coke.
Maybe she was worried about contracting that insidious European E.
coli.
I had a coffee.
Usually the coffee in kebab shops is dire, but I believe the guy on the counter made me for a cop, so I got something blacker and stronger than usual.
Late night kebab shops fulfill a very particular ecological niche that of feeding stations for people spilling out of the pubs and clubs.
Since the clientele tends to be pissed young men who have utterly failed to pull that night, the staff are always pleased to have the police hanging about.
Under the harsh fluorescent light I saw that the roots of Agent Reynolds hair were auburn.
She caught me looking and jammed her black knit hat back on her head.
How come you dye your hair.
I asked.
It makes me less conspicuous, she said.
For undercover work.
Just for everyday, she said.
I want the witnesses talking to the agent not the redhead.
Why were you following me.
I asked.
I was not following you, she said.
I was following Mr.
Palmer.
What have I done.
asked Zach, but Agent Reynolds sensibly ignored him.
He was your best suspect, she said.
And not only did you just let him go, you let him right back into the victim home.
I lived there too, you know, said Zach.
It was his registered address, I said.
Yes, his polling address, said Agent Reynolds.
A status you can earn by filling in a single form once a year without providing any significant identification whatsoever.
I am amazed your voting security is so lax.
Not as amazed as I am that Zach registered to vote.
I asked him, Who do you vote for.
The Greens, he said.
Do you think this is funny.
she asked, and her voice was hoarse.
Even if shed got some sleep on the plane over she had to be pushing twenty four hours without it by now.
Is it because the victim is an American citizen.
Do you find the murder of American citizens funny.
I was tempted to tell her it was because we were British and actually had a sense of humor, but I try not to be cruel to foreigners, especially when they are that strung out.
I took a gulp of my coffee to cover my hesitation.
What makes you think he involved.
I asked.
He a criminal, she said.
We did him for possession, I said.
Murder would be a bit of a step up.
Not in my experience, she said.
James Gallagher was his meal ticket.
Perhaps James got tired of being free loaded on.
I am sitting right here, you know, said Zach.
I am trying to forget it, said Reynolds.
He has an alibi, I said.
Not a direct one, she said.
There could be a way out of the back that goes through a blind spot.
Did she think we were amateurs.
Stephanopoulos would have spent most of yesterday trying to break Zach alibi, and that included the notion of a back way out.
Is it usual for FBI agents to exceed their authority in this way.
I asked.
The FBI is legally responsible to investigate crimes committed against American citizens in foreign countries, she said, her eyes fixed on some abstract spot to the left of my head.
But you do not really, do you.
I said.
Not that it would not have been nice to have a bit of extra manpower, especially for that one assault we had in Soho.
Young man got a crowbar in the face, he was American, no sign of the FBI then.
She shrugged.
His father probably was not a senator.
Apart from the security aspect, I said, what are they really worried about.
His father is in a position of moral authority, she said.
It would not serve any purpose to have him compromised by something his son may have done.
What do you think his son may have done.
There were incidents while he was at college.
What kind of incidents.
asked Zach before I could.
I sighed and pointed at a table at the other end of the room.
Go and sit over there, I said.
Do I have to.
he asked.
This is grown up stuff, I said.
Do not patronize me.
I will buy you a cake, I said.
He sat up like a small dog.
Really.
If you go sit over there, I said, and he did.
I turned to Reynolds.
I can see why you consider him a suspect.
What kind of incidents.
Narcotics, she said.
He was arrested twice for possession but the charges were dropped.
I bet they were, I thought.
He did some drugs at university, I said.
Is not that what it is for.
Some people hold themselves to a higher standard, she said primly.
Even while at college.
Have you ever been outside America.
I asked.
How is that relevant.
I am just curious, I said.
Is this your first time abroad.
Do you think I am unsophisticated, is that it.
she asked.
So, yeah, I thought.
First time abroad.
I am curious as to why they chose you for the assignment, I said.
I am known to the senator and his family, she said.
My superiors felt that it would be helpful if the senator had a friendly face on the ground during the investigation given the senator background and your country history.
Really, which bit.
I asked.
Ireland, said Reynolds.
In his early career he was vocal in his condemnation of the occupation and British human rights abuses.
He was worried that the British police might allow their investigation to be prejudiced because of those positions.
I wondered whether a father, upon learning of his son death, would really be so self centered as to think that.
Or whether a canny politician might use any position he could to bolster the investigation.
If it was politics, it was not my problem I could safely kick that up to those that are paid to deal with such matters.
Sometimes a rigid command hierarchy is your friend.
But Seawoll would want a heads up about the Irish connection, just in case CTC had not bothered to tell him.
It never hurts to curry favor with the boss, I thought.
I do not think it is got anything to do with Ireland, I said.
The murder, I mean.
What about Ryan Carroll.
she asked.
She had been following me after all, and she was not beyond lying to me when she was pretending to come clean useful to know.
What about him.
I wondered if Reynolds conversation always ricocheted around its subject like a pinball or whether this was the jet lag talking.
I started feeling increasingly knackered just looking at her.
Is he a suspect.
she asked.
No, I said.
A person of interest.
Not really.
Why did you go and interview him.
Because some of his pieces, or whatever you call them, are partially constructed with something so strongly imbued with vestigia that members of the public backed away without knowing why, was what I did not say.
James Gallagher was a fan, I said.
I was just there to see if thered been any contact.
Which there was not, I might add.
Just that.
she asked.
Id say that was a strange use of your time during the early stages of an investigation.
Agent Reynolds, I said, I am just a PC in plainclothes.
I am not even officially a detective yet and about as junior as it is possible to be in the Murder Team without still being at school.
Just a lowly constable.
That is me, I said.
Sure you are, she said.
She knew something.
That is the trouble with detectives they are suspicious bastards.
But she did not know the whys and wherefores, and she had not even hinted that she knew about the weirder shores of policing.
Go get some sleep, I said.
But if I was you Id call Kittredge first and put him out of his misery.
And what do you think I should tell him.
Tell him you fell asleep in your car jet lag.
Hardly the image the Bureau likes to project, she said.
What do you care what Kittredge thinks.
I asked.
Where are you staying.
Holiday Inn, said Reynolds, then pulled a card out of her pocket and squinted at it.
Earls Court.
Have you got your own transport.
A rental, she said.
Of course she did how else had she followed me.
Will you be all right driving in this snow.
She found that hilarious.
This is not snow, she said.
Where I am from, you know, you have snow when you can not find your car the next morning.
I WAS tempted to drop Zach at the Turning Point shelter or even bang him up again at Belgravia, if only I could have trusted him to keep his mouth shut.
But in the end I gave up and took him back to the Folly.
Despite the cold, I had to leave the window open to combat the tramp smell of his bag.
At one point I seriously considered stopping and making him open it so I could check whether it was full of body parts.
Where the fuck are we.
he asked as I pulled into the coach house and parked beside the Jag.
And whose is that.
My governor, I said.
Do not even look at it.
That is a Mark , he said.
You are still looking at it, I said.
I told you not to.
With a last lingering gaze at the Jag, Zach followed me out of the coach house and across the courtyard to the rear door of the Folly.
Id considered letting him crash in the coach house, but then realized what was likely to happen if I left him alone with six grand worth of portable electronics my personal six grand at that.
I opened the back door and ushered him in watching him closely as he crossed the threshold.
Id been told once that the protections around the Folly were inimical to certain people, but Zach did not react at all.
The back hallway is just a short corridor lined with brass hooks for hanging souwesters, oilskins, capes, and other archaic forms of outdoor apparel.
You know, this is the weirdest nick I have ever been in, he said.
As we stepped into the main atrium, Molly came gliding out to meet us in what would have been a much more sinister fashion had Toby not been dancing and yapping excitedly around her skirts at the same time.
Even so, Zach took one look at her and promptly hid behind me.
Who that.
he hissed in my ear.
This is Molly, I said.
Molly this is Zach, who will be staying overnight.
Can he use the room next to mine.
Molly gave me a long stare and then inclined her head at me, exactly the way Ziggy the dog had, before gliding off toward the stairs.
Possibly to put fresh linen on the guest bed or perhaps to sharpen her meat cleavers it is hard to tell with Molly.
Toby had stopped yapping and instead snuffled at Zach heels as he made his way across the atrium toward the podium where we keep the Book well not the Book exactly but a really good late eighteenth century imprint of the Book open to the title page.
He read the title out loud Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Artes Magicis.
With the erroneous soft c sound in principia and magicis Pliny the Elder would have been pissed.
I know it annoyed Nightingale when I did it.
You have got to be fucking kidding me, he said, and turned to point an accusing finger.
You can not be part of this, you are common.
The is the Folly, this place is strictly toffs and monsters.
What can I say, I said.
Standards have been falling lately.
The bloody Isaacs, he said.
I should have taken my chances with the Nolan brothers.
I wondered if Nightingale knew we had a nickname.
I also wondered how come someone like Zachary Palmer knew what it was.
So what are you, then.
I asked it had to be worth a try.
My dad was a fairy, said Zach.
And by that I do not mean he dressed well and enjoyed musical theatre.
WEDNESDAY CHAPTER Russell Square IT WAS the yelling that woke me up the next morning.
I rolled out of my bed, grabbed my extendable baton, and was out the door before I was fully awake.
All those nights being terrorized by Molly had obviously paid off.
It was still early enough to be dark, so the first thing I did was hit the hallway lights.
I stood there in my boxers, chilling quickly in the winter air, thinking that maybe it had been a nightmare, when the next door along slammed open and Zach ran out wearing nothing but a pair of purple Y fronts and swearing at the top of his voice.
He saw me and waved something in my face.
Look at this, he said.
It was his filthy gym bag, the one that had stunk up my car, only now it was marvelously clean, the frayed seams stitched and reinforced with leather and the Adidas logo touched up with blue thread.
Angrily he yanked it open to display the clean and neatly folded clothes inside within a waft of lemon and wildflowers.
Only one person I know folds clothes to that level of precision.
Molly must have cleaned it, I said.
No shit, he said.
She did not have no right.
It is my stuff.
Smells nice, though, I said.
He opened his mouth to say something but it snapped shut when Lesley came running around the corner carrying her baton in one hand and a heavy duty torch in the other.
Shed taken the time to fasten on her mask, but nothing else, and was dressed in a pair of skimpy red and white polka dot low rise shorts and a sleeveless thermal vest under which her breasts bounced distractingly.
Me and Zach both stared like a pair of teenagers, but I managed to drag my eyes back up to her mask before she could hit me with the baton.
Good morning, said Zach brightly.
I introduced Zach to Lesley and gave her the potted history.
I could not leave him in the snow, I said.
She told us to stop making so much noise and that she was going back to bed.
As she walked away I realized Id forgotten just how shapely her thighs were and how beautiful the dimples that formed in her buttocks when she walked.
We both watched in rapt silence until shed gone around the corner.
That was amazing, said Zach.
Yes, she is, I said.
So, said Zach.
Are you two fucking.
I glared at him.
Does that mean you are not.
No, I said.
She Sex on legs, said Zach, and took a moment to sniff his armpit.
Apparently satisfied, he squared his shoulders, twanged the elastic waist on his Y fronts, and said, Good.
There nothing like an early start.
He made to follow Lesley but I stopped him with a hand on the chest.
What.
he asked.
Do not even think about it, I said.
You can not have it both ways, bruv, he said.
Make up your mind.
Did you not notice I hesitated.
the injuries.
Some of us look beyond the superficial, said Zach.
Some of us look beyond someone tits, I said.
I know, he said.
Did you see that bum.
Do you want me to smack you.
Hey, he said, taking a step back.
Just say you are interested and I will not give her another thought.
Maybe a couple of other thoughts, difficult not to, given the circumstances.
Come on, even you can not be that blind.
It is none of your business, I said.
I am giving you a week on account of the inalienable laws of hospitality, he said.
Then I am going to consider it an open field okay.
It seemed a safe bet that something else would have caught his attention by then.
Yeah, I said.
Whatever.
Zach slapped his six pack and looked around.
Now that we are up, he said, what do we do about breakfast.
In this establishment, I said, we dress for breakfast.
NIGHTINGALE CERTAINLY did.
His only concession to informality was leaving the top button of his shirt undone and draping his blazer over the back of his chair.
He was addressing his toast and marmalade when I showed Zach sweet smelling and freshly laundered, thanks to Molly into the breakfast room.
Nightingale gave me a quizzical look as Zach fell upon the line of silver salvers with cries of glee and started piling up his plate with kippers, scrambled eggs, kedgeree, mushrooms, tomatoes, fried bread, and deviled kidneys.
I sat down and poured coffee.
Zachary Palmer, I said.
Nightingale nodded.
The late James Gallagher lodger.
Lesley filled me in with the case history last night during the rugby.
He has a secret, or so he says, I said.
Let me guess, said Nightingale.
Demifae.
If that means half fairy then yeah, I said.
How did you know.
Nightingale paused for a bite of toast.
I think I knew his father.
Or possibly his grandfather it is never easy to tell with fae.
You have not taught me about fae yet, I said.
What are they exactly.
They are not anything exactly, said Nightingale.
Fae is just a term like foreigner or barbarian, it basically means people that are not entirely human.
I glanced over at where Zach had given up trying to pile everything on one plate and resorted to using two.
Toby had sidled up to sit within easy sausage catching range, just in case.
Like the Rivers.
I asked.
Less powerful, said Nightingale, but more independent.
Father Thames could probably flood Oxford if he wanted to, but it would never occur to him to interfere with the natural order to that extent.
Fae are capricious, mischievous, but no more dangerous than a common cutpurse.
That last sounded suspiciously like a quote.
They are more frequent in the country than the city.
Zach brought his two plates to the table and after a brief introduction to Nightingale began to plow through the heaps of food.
To eat as much as he did and stay skinny he must burn calories like a racehorse.
Was it a fairy thing or within the normal range of human metabolism.
I wondered if I could persuade him to spend a day being tested by Dr.
Walid.
I was willing to bet hed never had a demifae to experiment on.
It would be nice to know whether there was a demonstrable genetic difference, but Dr.
Walid said that normal human variations were wide enough that youd need samples from hundreds of subjects to establish that.
Thousands if you wanted a statistically significant answer.
Low sample size one of the reasons why magic and science are hard to reconcile.
Zach kept his attention on his food while I told Nightingale about James Gallagher visit to Powis Square and the vestigium Id sensed there.
Sounds like a goblin market, said Nightingale.
A nazareth.
I asked.
Like a nazareth, only for those that live in our world, rather than your average criminal, said Nightingale.
He turned to Zach.
Do you know where it is.
Not me, guv, said Zach.
I am strictly persona non grata among them kind of people.
Could you find it, though.
Maybe, said Zach.
What is it worth.
Nightingale leaned forward and, whip fast, grabbed Zach wrist and twisted it palm up so that Zach had to half rise out of his chair to avoid breaking it.
You are in my house, Zachary Palmer, eating at my table, and I do not care how modern you think you are, I know you know that is an obligation you can not avoid.
He smiled and released Zach wrist.
I am not asking you to put yourself at risk, just find us the current location.
We will do the rest.
You only had to ask, said Zach.
Can you find it by this afternoon.
asked Nightingale.
Course, he said.
But I am going to need some readies for transport, washing some hands, that sort of thing.
How much.
Pony, said Zach, meaning five hundred quid.
Nightingale pulled a silver money clip from his jacket pocket, peeled off five fifties, and handed them to Zach, who made them disappear so fast I did not see where they went.
He did not protest the shortfall either.
Let is take our coffee to the library, said Nightingale.
Will you be all right here.
I asked Zach.
Do not worry about me, he said, already eyeing the salvers for a return visit.
One does rather wonder if he will stop before he explodes, said Nightingale as we walked along the balcony.
It is one of those paradox thingies, I said.
What happens when the unstoppable cook meets the unfillable stomach.
The General Library is where me and Lesley do most of our studying.
It is got a couple of ornate reading desks with angular brass reading lamps and an atmosphere of quiet contemplation that is totally spoiled by the fact that we both have our headphones on when we are studying.
Nightingale strode over to the shelves that Id come to know as the eccentric naturalist section.
He tapped his finger along a line of books before pulling one out and inspecting it.
Jules Barbey dAurevilly is probably the authority, he said.
How your French.
Do me a favor, I said.
I am barely keeping up with my Latin.
Pity, said Nightingale and replaced the book.
We should get that translated one day.
He pulled out a second, thinner volume.
Charles Kingsley, he said and handed the book to me.
It was titled On Fairies and Their Abodes.
Not as comprehensive as Barbey dAurevilly, said Nightingale, but reasonably sound, or at least so my tutors assured me when I was at school.
He sighed.
I did prefer things when we all knew what we were doing and why.
Before I ran into Zach, I ran into Fleet, I said.
And before I ran into Fleet, I ran into a Chinese woman who I am pretty sure was a practitioner.
Did she introduce herself.
I told him all about the mysterious Madame Teng, although I left out the fact that Id essentially been rescued by Fleet and her Captain of Dogs.
Good God, Peter, said Nightingale.
I can not leave the city for five minutes.
Do you know who she is.
I asked.
A Taoist sorceress, I would imagine, said Nightingale.
Is that good or bad.
The Chinese have their own traditions, including the practice of magic, said Nightingale.
As I understand it, Taoist magic is based on writing characters on paper much in the way that we speak formae aloud.
Beyond that I do not think we ever discovered how it works.
Contact was limited, since we did not want to tell them our secrets, and unsurprisingly they did not want to share theirs with us.
He frowned at the bookcase and swapped two volumes around.
Do they operate out of Chinatown.
I asked.
We have an arrangement with Chinatown, he said.
They do not scare the horses and we do not go in asking questions.
Mao pretty much killed all the practitioners during the s and any that survived on the mainland were finished off in the Cultural Revolution.
She was from Taiwan, I said.
That would make sense, said Nightingale.
I will look into it.
Just to make Nightingale day I finished off with a description of Ryan Carroll possibly magical art installation.
And I was hoping we could leave that case to the Murder Team and concentrate on the Little Crocodiles, said Nightingale.
Anything useful in Henley.
I asked.
Apart from the snow.
said Nightingale.
Rather pleasant couple in a converted stable.
They were very proud of it and insisted on showing me around the whole thing.
A little too helpful.
I asked.
I did not take their word for it, said Nightingale.
I donned the old balaclava and had a scout round their grounds after dark.
He had not found anything, but sneaking stealthily through the snow reminded him of an operation in Tibet in.
Chasing German archaeologists, he said.
Complete wild goose chase for them and for us.
Lesley stuck her head through the door, spotted us, and came in.
Have you seen how much that man can eat.
He a halfling, I said, which just got me blank looks from the pair of them.
We divided up the day work.
While Nightingale supervised Lesley morning practice, I would file my paperwork with the Murder Team and check the action list on Holmes to see if anything relevant, that is weird, unusual, or uncanny, had come up.
Hopefully by the time wed finished, Zach would have found the goblin market, which Lesley and I would go and check out.
I am going to visit the Barbican and reinterview Mr.
Woodville Gentle, said Nightingale.
At the very least my attention might spook him into revealing himself.
Assuming he has something to reveal, I said.
Oh, he has something to reveal, all right, said Lesley.
I guarantee that.
IT STOPPED snowing during the night, and although the sun was not out the clouds had thinned and the extra warmth turned the drifts of snow in the courtyard brittle.
I still lost skin on the iron handrail of the stairs, though.
The interior of the coach house smelled of paraffin and damp paper but the heater had kept the temperature high enough to protect my electronics.
The couch had been straightened and the rubbish bin emptied I can always tell when Nightingale been watching rugby because he leaves the place tidier than normal.
I put the kettle on, powered up my laptop and the secondhand Dell I use to run Holmes, and got down to work.
Police work is just like every other job in that the first thing you do when you sit down in the morning is deal with your emails.
Spam elimination followed by humorous cats, followed by requests from the case manager that I get my arse in gear and hand in my statements.
I got out my notebooks and started writing up my visits to Ryan Carroll and Kevin Nolan.
I considered writing up my later encounter with Kevin Nolan and Agent Reynolds, but that might have led to questions about why I did not contact Kittredge straightaway.
In the end I informed them that Id put Zachary Palmer up for the night and that, informally, hed indicated there was some kind of bad blood between him and the Nolans.
I had not been assigned any further actions, so I looked up the forensic reports on Holmes.
The techs failed to recover anything from James Gallagher phone because of the unusually degraded state of its chips, although they had hopes of doing a dump from the relatively undamaged flash memory.
I knew from painful experience what had degraded the phone, and wondered if the forensic people did too.
Nightingale and the Folly bobbed along in the modern world, kept afloat by an interlocking series of arrangements and unspoken agreements, many of which, I was certain, only existed in Nightingale head.
The report on the murder weapon indicated that it was indeed a section from a larger plate.
An image of the CGI reconstruction was attached, but it was not made from china, was instead a type of stoneware identifiable because of its opacity and semivitreous nature whatever that meant.
Chemical analysis indicated it was seventy percent clay mixed in with quartz, soda lime glass, crushed flint, and grog.
I Googled grog and decided they probably meant crushed fragments of previously fired china rather than cheap rum mixed with lime juice.
It bore a superficial resemblance to Coade stone ceramic stoneware but comparative analysis of a sample provided by a specialist restoration company indicated it was not the same material, not least because it was manufactured using inferior London clay rather than the finer Ball clay from Dorset.
There was an additional twenty odd pages on the history of Coade stone that I put aside against the possibility I might develop insomnia in the near future.
The pathology report on the weapon was more interesting.
Its shape matched the fatal wound track in James Gallagher back, a shallower wound in his shoulder, and was a probable match for three cuts to his left and right hands probably defensive wounds.
The blood covering the weapon was a DNA match for James Gallagher, and splatter analysis indicated he might have pulled the weapon out of himself while lying on the tracks.
Lovely.
However, there were traces of a second blood type on the edges near the handle, which should have been amenable to Low Copy Number DNA testing, with the downside that the results would take at least until January to come through.
An attached note from Seawoll told us to check for hand injuries when taking statements.
It takes more force than you think to stab someone to death, and the human body is full of pesky obstructions like ribs, for example.
Inexperienced knife fighters frequently cut themselves on their own blades when the momentum of their thrust drives their hand down the knife.
That is what a cross guard on a combat knife is there to stop and what makes it relatively easy to catch knife murderers look for the wounds, match the DNA, it is a fair cop, guv, hello, Pentonville.
That is the thing about hard evidence.
It is difficult to wriggle out of in court.
No wonder Seawoll and Stephanopoulos were not hassling me.
They probably figured it was just a matter of time before they swabbed the inside of the right person mouth.
Assuming the DNA turned out to be human.
The mud on James Gallagher boots was an appetizing mixture of human feces, shredded toilet paper, and a combination of chemicals that placed him in a working sewer within eight hours of his death.
I dug out Sergeant Kumar number and was routed through to his airwave.
I heard crowds and a PA system in the background.
He was definitely on duty.
I told him about the sewer mud on the boots.
We have already been asked about that, said Kumar.
There a gravity sewer that runs below Baker Street and at the end there another that runs below Portland Place.
But there no direct access anywhere on the stretch of track between the two.
You walked it with me there was no way for him to get onto that section.
What about a secret passage.
I asked.
I thought the Underground was full of them.
Secret from members of the public, yes, said Kumar.
Secret from us no.
You sure about that.
I asked, and Kumar made a rude noise.
I did find some interesting CCTV footage from last Sunday, he said.
Very irresponsible behavior by a man and a woman and what looked suspiciously like a child in an enormous hat.
On tracks near Tufnell Park ringing any bells.
Really, I said.
Were they easy to identify.
There was a pause while a nervous female voice asked for directions to the Underground and Kumar responded.
The train companies had finally put their snow countermeasures into effect and people were belatedly flooding into London to do their last minute shopping.
One of my morning emails had been a general alert to this effect, warning of the inevitable increase in theft, road traffic accidents, and disgruntled northerners.
Only if some complete wanker makes an incident out of it, said Kumar.
How can one avoid such total wankery.
I asked.
Easy, said Kumar.
By following basic safety procedures with regard to the transport infrastructure, and making sure that next time you get the urge to go walk on the tracks you call me first.
Deal, I said.
I owe you one.
A big one, said Kumar.
The Murder Team was bound to ask why I had not taken Ryan Carroll statement while I had him in front of me at the Tate Modern, so I generated a memo indicating that Id been called away to handle an aspect of a case exclusive to the Folly.
Then I popped over to the training lab to get Nightingale to initial it.
When I got there Lesley had three count them, three apples doing slow circuits in the air of the lab.
Nightingale beckoned me over and, after barely glancing at the clipboard, signed the memo.
Excellent, he told Lesley, before turning to me and adding, That is what happens when you do not allow yourself to become sidetracked, and focus on the task at hand.
Her hair was damp with sweat.
I see, I said, and retreated to the open doorway before saying, But can she make them explode.
And ducked out of sight.
Two of the apples slammed into the wall behind me at head height and the third actually made the right turn to whoosh past my ear and down the length of the corridor.
Missed, I called out, and hurried away before she reloaded.
She was getting much better.
I sent off the copy of the form, duplicated everything four times, put the duplicates in a series of A envelopes, to keep them from getting mixed up, and dumped them next to the fruit bowl ready to go back to AB.
Then I went downstairs to the shooting range for my own workout.
FOR ME, one of the weirdest things about magic was the way some formae went out of fashion.
And a good example of this is aer pronounced air which strictly speaking is Latinized Greek and means, well, air.
Once you have mastered it and that took me six weeks it gives you purchase on the air in front of your body.
But since there no actual physical way of measuring the effect and believe me, I tried your master has to be present to tell you when you have got it right.
Once you have mastered it, you have got a forma that is tricky to do and has, apparently, no effect.
It is not hard to see why it went out of fashion, especially since it was clear by the eighteenth century that it was based on a completely erroneous theory of matter.
Nightingale took the trouble to teach me aer because, combined with the equally tricky and out of fashion congolare, it creates a shield in front of my body.
Both formae were developed by the Great Man, Isaac Newton himself, and have the trademark fiddliness that led to generations of students writing variations of WTF in the margins of their primers.
Is not a shield useful.
Id asked.
There a much more effective fourth order spell that creates a shield, said Nightingale.
But you are at least two years from learning that.
I am teaching you this against the chance that you may encounter the Faceless Man again.
This should give you some protection from a fireball while you stage a tactical withdrawal.
By which he meant run like fuck.
Will it stop a bullet.
I had to ask.
Nightingale did not know the answer.
So we bought an automatic paintball gun, attached it to a hopper feed and a compressor, and mounted it on a tripod at the shooting end of the firing range.
To start my training session I donned my stab vest, my old school jockstrap, and my standard issue riot helmet with face mask.
Then I set the mechanical timer on the gun and walked up the range to stand at the target end.
I always felt uncomfortable standing at the wrong end, which Nightingale said was just as it should be.
The timer was a relic of the fifties, a Bakelite mushroom with a dial like those on a safe, except painted pink.
It was old and flaky enough to add an exciting element of uncertainty to when it would ring.
When it did, Id cast the spell and the paintball gun would fire.
Originally me and Nightingale thought wed have to jury rig a mechanism to randomly vary the aim.
But the gun jiggled so violently on its tripod that it produced a spread wide and random enough to satisfy the most exacting standards of the Imperial Marksmanship School.
Just as well, because the first time out the only paintballs that did not hit my body were the ones that went wide to either side.
I like to think I have made significant improvements since then, albeit from a low base, and could stop nine out of ten shots.
But as Nightingale says, the tenth is the only one that counts.
He also pointed out that the muzzle velocity of the paintball gun is about three hundred feet per second and that of a modern pistol over a thousand, and it does not sound any better when you translate it into S.I.
units.
So just about every day I go down to the basement, take a deep breath, and listen for the whir of the timer to wind down to that terminal click and see if I can not get rid of that troublesome outlier.
Whir, click, splat, splat, spat.
Thank God for my riot helmet that is all I am going to say.
AFTER LUNCH Zach came back with an address and an outstretched hand.
Get it off Nightingale, I said.
He said you had the rest, he said.
I pulled up my clip and gave him two fifty in twenties and tens.
It was most of my clip.
In return I got a piece of paper with a Brixton address and a phrase written on it.
I am here to cut the grass, I read.
That is the password, said Zach, counting his money.
Now I need an ATM, I said.
Id buy you a drink, said Zach, waving the cash at me.
But all this is spoken for.
He ran upstairs and grabbed his bag.
But despite being keen to leave the Folly, on his way back out he paused to shake my hand.
It was nice meeting you, he said.
But do not take any offense if I sincerely hope that we do not meet again.
And give my regards to Lesley.
He let go of my hand and darted out of the main entrance.
I counted my fingers and then patted myself down just to be on the safe side.
Then I went to tell Lesley that it was time for us to go.
CHAPTER Brixton THE MEDIA response to unusual weather is as ritualized and predictable as the stages of grief.
First comes denial I can not believe there so much snow.
Then anger Why can not I drive my car, why are the trains not running.
Then blame Why have not the local authorities sanded the roads, where are the snowplows, and how come the Canadians can deal with this and we can not.
This last stage goes on the longest and tends to trail off into a mumbled grumbling background moan, enlivened by occasional ILLEGALS ATE MY SNOWPLOW headlines from the Daily Mail, which continues until the weather clears up.
Luckily we were spared some of the repetition as the authorities narrowed down the source of the E.
coli outbreak to a stall in Walthamstow market.
Slightly elevated temperatures and no fresh snow had turned the main roads into rivers of brown slush.
I was getting the hang of winter driving, which mostly consisted of not going too fast and putting as much room between yourself and the average driver as humanly possible.
Traffic was light enough for me to brave Vauxhall Bridge, but I went on via Oval and the Brixton Road just to be sure.
We stopped short of Brixton proper and turned into Villa Road, which forms the northern boundary of Max Roach Park.
The snow on the park was still almost white, and littered with the half melted remains of snowmen.
We stopped on the park side and Lesley pointed to a Victorian terraced house halfway down the road.
That is the one, she said.
It was late Victorian with a half basement, orthogonal bay windows, and a narrow little front door designed to give the illusion of grand urban living to a new generation of the aspirational lower middle class.
The same people who would flock into the suburbs a generation or two later.
There was an arrow painted on a piece of card that had gone curly with damp.
It pointed down a set of iron stairs to the door into the half basement, what used to be the tradesman entrance.
The curtains in the bay windows were drawn, and when we paused to listen we heard nothing from inside the house.
I rang the doorbell.
We waited for about a minute, stepping back to avoid the drips of snowmelt landing on our heads, and then the door opened to reveal a white girl in baggy trousers, braces, and pink lipstick.
What you want.
she asked.
I gave her the password.
We have come to cut the grass, I said.
Yeah, no motorcycle helmets, swords, spears, glamours, and, she said, pointing at Lesley, no masks sorry.
Do you want to wait in the car.
I asked.
Lesley shook her head and unclipped her mask.
I will just bet you are glad to get out of that, the girl said, and led us into the flat.
It was your basic dingy basement flat.
Despite the modern kitchen conversion and Habitat trim, the low ceiling and poor lighting made it seem pinched and mean.
I glanced into the front room as we passed and saw that all the furniture had been neatly piled against the far wall.
Heavy duty power cables snaked out of the rooms and down the hallway.
They were securely held down with gaffer tape and plastic safety bridges.
It got noticeably warmer the closer we got to the back door, so that by the time the girl held out her hand to accept our coats, we were already half out of them.
She took them into the back bedroom, which had been filled with portable clothes racks we even got tear off raffle tickets as receipts.
You go out through the kitchen, said the girl.
We followed her instructions, opened the back door, and stepped out into a crisp inexplicable autumn afternoon.
The entire width and length of the back garden was filled with a scaffolding frame that rose until it was level with the roof of the house.
Plank flooring was raised half a meter above the lawn.
From there, ladders led upward to balconies constructed of scaffolding poles and more planking.
The construct encompassed an entire tree and was enclosed in white plastic sheeting.
Golden sunlight flooded down from above, from an HMI lighting balloon, I learned later, which explained the cabling snaking up the scaffolding.
Trestle tables were ranged between the upright poles to form a line of makeshift booths along each side of the garden.
I had a look at the first on the right, which sold books, antique hardbacks for the most part, individually wrapped in mylar and arranged faceup in wooden trays.
I picked up an eighteenth century reprint of Mric Casaubon Of Credulity and Incredulity in Things Natural, Civil and Divine that looked very similar to the copy we had back at the Folly.
Next to that I found another familiar book, a copy of Erasmus Wolfe Exotica, which was definitely hard core craft, and judging from the stamp had been lifted from the Bodleian Library.
I flicked through the book and memorized the security code to pass on to Professor Postmartin later.
I replaced the book and smiled at the stallholder.
He was a young man with ginger hair who appeared to be wearing a tweed suit twice as old as he was.
He had pale blue eyes that flicked away nervously when I asked him whether he had a copy of the Principia.
Sorry, he said.
I have heard of it but I have never even seen a copy.
I said that was a pity and turned away he was lying and hed made me and Lesley as the police.
Nightingale was right, I said to Lesley.
This is a nazareth.
Even in these days of eBay and superencrypted anonymous purchasing over the Internet, the safest way to buy stolen stuff is to meet a total stranger and hand over a wedge of untraceable cash.
They do not know you, you do not know them the only problem is where to meet.
Every market needs its place and in London such illegal venues have been called nazareths since the eighteenth century.
The goods on sale feed into the twilight economy of the street market, the secondhand shop, and the man you met in the pub.
There more than one, obviously, and they lurch around the city like a drunk banker on bonus day you have to know someone who knows someone to find them.
When things fall off the back of a lorry, a nazareth is where they end up.
This place, I suspected, was a nazareth for things that were a bit too odd to be traveling by lorry in the first place.
The next stall sold death masks done in the Roman style and cast in delicate porcelain, so that placing a candle behind them would bring their features to flickering life.
Anyone famous.
I asked the reassuringly modern goth girl who ran the stall.
That is Aleister Crowley, she said, pointing.
That is Beau Brummel, and that is Marat he got stabbed in the bath.
I took her word for it, because they all looked the same to me.
Still, I allowed my fingertips to brush the edge of the Crowley mask, but there was not any vestigium.
Fraudulent even in death.
God, listen to that, said Lesley.
I looked back at her.
She had her head cocked to one side, a look of amusement on her face.
What.
The music, she said.
They are playing Selecter.
Is that what this is.
I asked.
It just sounded like generic ska to me.
This is my dad music, she said.
If the next thing they play is Too Much Pressure then I will know they are just working their way down his favorite playlist.
The next song was Too Much Too Young.
The Specials, said Lesley.
Close enough.
We checked the other stalls but did not find anything in the way of stoneware fruit bowls or statuary, though I did make note of a tarot deck imbued with enough vestigia to keep a family of ghosts in operation for a year.
Is it relevant to the case.
asked Lesley.
Not really, I said.
Moving on, said Lesley.
Where to.
Lesley pointed to the makeshift balconies above us.
I grabbed the ladder to the next level and gave it a shake.
It was as securely fastened as a filing cabinet in a health and safety office.
I went first.
Halfway up I heard Lesley gasp.
I stopped and asked what was wrong.
Nothing, she said.
Keep going.
The next level up was obviously the pub.
An entire section of the house back wall had been removed and replaced with hydraulic jacks.
Between them was wedged a walnut countertop from which drinks were served by a trio of young women in black and white checkered dresses and Mary Quant haircuts.
At the other end of the garden the lower branches of the tree had been draped with batik cloth and elaborately woven carpets to form a number of small alcoves in which cast off garden furniture provided seating.
Between the two ends were half a dozen platforms set at varying heights, each festooned with plant pots and mismatched chairs.
There was only a scattering of customers, mostly white, unremarkably dressed but strangely difficult to look at as if resisting my gaze.
I heard a whistle loud, piercing, like someone signaling a sheepdog.
Somebody wants your attention, said Lesley.
I followed her gaze to an alcove at the far end of the garden where a woman with hair extensions of silver and electric blue was waving us over.
It was Effra Thames.
Tall and elongated like a wicked Jamaican girl whod got on the wrong side of Willy Wonka, she had a narrow face, a rosebud mouth, and eyes that slanted up at the corners.
When she was sure she had our attention she stopped waving, leaned back in her white plastic chair, and smiled.
The platforms were connected by planks of wood laid between them.
There were no safety rails and the planks bent alarmingly when you stepped on them.
Needless to say, we took our time making our way across.
Next to Effra sat a large black man with a serious face and strong jaw.
He stood politely as we approached and held out his hand.
He wore a scarlet frock coat with tails and white facing and gold braid over a black T shirt tucked into the belt of his winter camouflage trousers.
My name is Oberon, he said.
And you must be the famous Constable Grant that I have heard so much about.
His accent was pure London but deeper, slower, older.
I shook his hand.
It was large, rough skinned, and there was just a flash of something.
Gunpowder, I thought, maybe pine needles, shouting, fear, exultation.
He turned his attention to Lesley.
And the equally famous Constable May, said Oberon, and instead of shaking her hand lifted it to his lips.
Some people can get away with stuff like that.
I looked at Effra, who rolled her eyes in sympathy.
Once Oberon released Lesley hand I introduced her to Effra Thames, goddess of the River Effra, Brixton Market, and the Peckham branch of the Black Beauticians Society.
Sit with us, said Effra.
Have a drink.
My knees bent in an involuntary step toward the chair, but with just about every fricking one of the Thames sisters having tried the glamour on me at some time or other, the compulsion evaporated almost immediately.
I pulled the chair out for Lesley instead, which earned me a strange look from her.
Oberon smiled slyly and sipped his beer.
It is a terrible habit she fallen into, he said, and ignored a sharp look from Effra.
But it is like that when you are young and freshly minted.
We took our seats opposite.
I shall buy this round, he said.
And on my oath as a soldier there shall be no obligation upon you and yours for this gift.
He lifted his hand and clicked his fingers just once and a waitress turned toward us.
But you can get the next round in, though, he added.
The waitress skipped across the plank bridges to our platform without looking down, which was a neat trick for someone in white high heeled sandals.
Oberon ordered three Macs and a Perrier.
Fleet says you have shown a sudden interest in the finer things in life, said Effra.
She was well startled to find you in the gallery last night, called me straightaway and would not shut up about it.
She laughed at my expression.
You are thinking it is South versus North London, are not you.
That we do not talk to each other.
She my sister.
I taught her to read.
I love the Rivers, upstream or downstream, they like to chat and if you are sensible you just keep your mouth shut and eventually they will tell you what you want to know.
And here you are in my ends, said Effra.
My manor.
I shrugged.
It is all our manor, said Lesley.
The whole bleeding city.
Whatever Effra planned to say was cut short by the drinks arriving, three brown bottles and one green.
You will like this beer, said Oberon.
It is from a micro brewery in the States.
The management brings it over a crate at a time.
He handed the waitress a fifty.
Keep the change, he said.
It is damned expensive, though.
So, are you king of the fairies.
I asked Oberon.
He chuckled.
No, he said.
My master fancied himself a man of the Enlightenment and a scholar, and thus I was named Oberon.
It was the practice in those days, many of my friends were called similar Cassius, Brutus, Phoebe, who truly was as beautiful as the sun, and of course Titus.
Id done the Middle Passage in year eight at school I knew slave names when I heard them.
I sipped the beer.
It was thick and nutty and, I decided, should have been drunk at room temperature.
Where was this, then.
I asked.
New Jersey, said Oberon.
When I was a cowboy.
And when was that.
I asked.
Why are you here.
asked Effra, and gave Oberon such a look that even he could not ignore it.
I winced in sympathy and his lips twitched but he did not dare smile.
I considered pushing it, but I was conscious of how hard Lesley was restraining herself from slapping me upside my head and yelling Focus in my ear.
I showed Oberon and Effra a printed picture of the statue and another of the fruit bowl.
We are trying to trace where these came from, I said.
Effra squinted.
The bowl looks handmade, but the statue is a nineteenth century knockoff of a Florentine Aphrodite by one of those gay Italians whose name escapes me.
Not one of the biggies, though it is competent but it is not exactly inspiring.
I remember I saw the full sized version in the Galleria dell Accademia.
Still can not remember the name of the artist.
How come Fleet does the art galleries, then.
I asked.
Fleet is the one that goes on the radio but I am the one with a B.A.
in History of Art, said Effra.
Not that this is a source of bitterness, you understand, said Oberon.
I only did it because Mum insisted that we all get a degree, and History of Art seemed liked the easiest, said Effra.
And you did a year in Italy.
Meet any nice Italian rivers.
I asked.
No, said Effra with a sly smile.
But down south on the coast every other beach and inlet has a spirit sitting on a Vespa with a body like Adonis and a voice like the way youd expect Robert De Niro to speak Italian, if he were not from New York.
The Church never gets all the way to the toe of the boot, Cristo si  fermato a Eboli and all that jazz.
It was notable that Effra accent was shifting up and down the class scale at more or less random intervals.
Moving on, said Lesley.
The bowl looks like the stuff the Beales used to sell, said Oberon.
Empire ware, Empire pottery, or some such name.
It was supposed to be unbreakable and good for Darjeeling and darkest Africa.
You want Hyacinth, said Effra.
She the one who deals in figurines.
And where do we find Hyacinth.
I asked.
HYACINTH, IT turned out, was the goth girl running the stall with death masks.
It was noticeable that attitudes toward us had changed while wed been upstairs having a beer.
The stallholders definitely had us pegged as Old Bill now, and the customers, of which there were many more, had obviously got the same memo.
Not that anyone was surly and rude.
Instead we moved in our own little bubble of silence as the punters hurriedly shut up while we passed by.
We kind of like surly and rude, by the way, because when people are busy being affronted they often forget to watch what they are saying, which is why Lesley and I whipped out our warrant cards before asking Hyacinth about the statue.
You people do not come here, she said.
Give us your official address, I said.
We will come visit you there.
Or, said Lesley, you could come down to the station and give a statement.
You can not make me, said Hyacinth.
Ca not we.
I asked Lesley.
Trading without a license, she said.
Criminal trespass, receiving stolen goods, wearing heavy black mascara in a built up area.
Hyacinth opened her mouth, but Lesley leaned forward until what was left of her nose was centimeters from Hyacinth.
Say something about my face, said Lesley.
Go on, I dare you.
Code of the police you always back your partner in public even when they have obviously gone insane but that did not mean you had to be stupid about it.
Look, Hyacinth, I said in my I am the reasonable one voice.
The guy who bought the statue was murdered and we are just interested in knowing whether there a connection or not.
We are not interested in anything else, I swear.
Just tell us and we will get out of your face.
Hyacinth deflated and held up her hands.
I got them off Kevin, she said.
Kevin who.
asked Lesley, but Id already started writing the capital N in my notebook when Hyacinth confirmed it.
Kevin Nolan, she said.
The wanker.
Did he say where he got them from.
asked Lesley.
Nobody ever says where they get their goods from, said Hyacinth.
And if they do say, you figure they are lying.
So what did Kevin Nolan say.
I asked.
He said he got them from Mordor, she said.
Morden.
asked Lesley.
What, in Merton.
No, I said.
Mordor as in where the shadows lie from Lord of the Rings.
Is that the place with the volcano.
asked Lesley.
Yes, me and Hyacinth said at the same time.
So probably not the source of the goods, said Lesley.
I was about to say something incredibly geeky when we felt the demon trap go off.
It came as a shock, a sensation like a machete being hacked into the side of a carcass, like biting an apple and tasting maggot, like the first time Id met a dead body.
Last time Id felt anything like that had been in the decaying grandeur of the Strip Club of Doctor Moreau when Nightingale had done his IED routine.
It was so strong I could turn my head to face the direction it came from.
So could at least two thirds of the denizens of the nazareth, including Hyacinth.
I could not be certain, but I had a sick feeling that we were all facing across the river toward the City and Shakespeare Tower.
Where Nightingale had gone to interview Woodville Gentle.
Demon trap, I heard someone whisper.
Demon trap.
It was repeated fearfully around the garden.
And then everybody turned to look expectantly at me and Lesley.
Lesley looked back with as much of a curled lip as her injuries would allow.
Oh, now you want the police, she said.
CHAPTER The Barbican WHEN YOU need to get somewhere fast you go blues and twos.
It is just like TV.
You turn on your siren and stick the spinner on the roof of your car so that the average driver knows to get the fuck out of the way.
What they do not show is that the spinner keeps falling off the roof and usually ends up dangling by its wire from the passenger window, and that there always someone on the road in front of you who thinks the rules apply to someone else.
A sheet of glass, a pile of empty boxes, an inexplicable fruit stall I wish.
I nearly rear ended a BMW on Borough High Street and had to swerve around a Toyota with a Blind Driver on Board sticker in its rear window, but I had her up to sixty as we crossed London Bridge.
There was a strange random gap in the traffic and we sailed over an iron gray Thames in a weird bubble of peace.
Because I went via Moorgate, we could not see Shakespeare Tower, despite its height, until we were as close as Chiswell Street.
I do not know what Id expected, streets littered with broken glass and fluttering paper, a gaping hole in the side of the block.
Wed felt the concussion six kilometers away surely there must be something.
But we did not even find a police presence until we turned into the underground car park and found a City of London Police van waiting for us.
A uniformed sergeant clambered out of the van as we drew up.
Grant and May.
he asked.
We showed our warrant cards and he said that we were expected and Nightingale had told them wed know our way up to the flat.
He okay.
I asked.
He looked just fine to me, said the sergeant.
Me and Lesley, being both English and police, managed to avoid any outward sign of the massive sense of relief we felt.
Madame Teng would have been proud.
Be discreet on your way up, said the sergeant.
We have not had to evacuate yet and we do not want to start a panic.
We promised wed be good and headed for the lifts.
Along the way we passed a familiar fire engine red VW transporter with LONDON FIRE BRIGADE LIVERY AND FIRE INVESTIGATION UNIT stenciled on the side.
That will be Frank Caffrey, I told Lesley.
Ex Para, Nightingale contact in the Fire Brigade, and if necessary, head of the Folly own Armed Response Unit.
Or, depending on which end of the barrel you were standing at, its very own extralegal death squad.
He was waiting for us when the lift opened a solid man with a broken nose, brown hair, and deceptively mild blue eyes.
Peter, he said, nodding.
Lesley.
You got here fast.
The lobby had been turned into a staging post for the forensic techs.
Caffrey said theyd caught a break because the inhabitants of the other two flats on the floor were away for the Christmas holidays.
Cape Town, he said.
And St.
Gervais Mont Blanc.
All right for some, is not it.
Good thing too, otherwise wed probably have to evacuate the whole tower.
According to Frank if you evacuate one set of families from a block, all the others will want to know why they were not evacuated too.
But if you go and evacuate everyone as a precaution, then a good quarter will refuse to leave their flats on principle.
Plus, if you evacuate them you become responsible for finding them a safe haven and keeping them fed and watered.
Should not we evacuate them anyway.
I asked as I suited up.
Your boss says there no secondary devices, said Frank.
That is good enough for me.
I really wished it was good enough for me.
Did he ever tell you what a demon trap was.
Lesley asked me.
I got the impression they were like a magical land mine, but he never said how they worked.
It is probably more fourth order stuff.
Oh, strictly second order, I assure you, said Nightingale, who was standing in the doorway watching us.
Any fool can make a demon trap.
It is rendering them safe that takes skill.
He beckoned we followed.
It was even stuffier than on our first visit, and there was a strong odor of spoiling fish.
Is that real.
I asked.
I am afraid so, said Nightingale.
Salmon left out in the kitchen.
A very bright young man estimated it had been there since Monday evening.
Which means they scarpered right after we interviewed them, said Lesley.
Quite, said Nightingale.
I noticed something odd about the bookshelves in the hallway.
These are out of order, I said.
The OBrians are mixed up with the Penguins.
Somebody must have taken them all out and then put them all back, hurriedly and out of order.
No it was simpler than that, I saw.
They took out a block of Penguins and a block of the OBrians but put them back the wrong way round.
I lifted out the mismatched block and found nothing.
Neither was there anything behind the second block of books.
Well, obviously there was nothing there because whoever moved the books had taken what was behind them.
But if theyd been in a hurry.
I started stripping books on either side until I found something.
It was a cc disposable syringe, empty but with the cap seal broken.
I removed the cap and sniffed the needle to find a faint medicinal smell.
Used and discarded.
I showed it proudly to Nightingale and Lesley.
She was a nurse, said Lesley.
It could be legitimate.
Then why is it hidden in the gap behind the books.
I asked.
It is not very secure, so it must be something she needed to access in a hurry.
They are on the higher shelves, said Lesley.
Out of reach of someone in a wheelchair.
So not for him.
I sniffed it again, to no avail.
I wonder if it is a sedative.
I said.
Perhaps our Russian nurse was there to do more than look after him.
I put the syringe back where Id found it.
Lesley pointed down the corridor behind me, where a couple of men and women in forensic suits were systematically pulling books off shelves and checking carefully for voids and hiding places.
You do know the search team would have found it, said Lesley.
It is not good to become reliant on specialists, I said.
Hear hear, said Nightingale.
And we are not specialists.
asked Lesley.
We are indispensable, I said.
That is what we are.
We had to wait while a couple more techs finished up in the living room area before we could go in.
Nightingale, despite being vacuum packed in an earlier era, had taken to advances in forensic science like a man who knew a magic bullet when he saw one.
He might have been hazy about what DNA actually was, but he understood the concept of trace evidence and took everything else on trust.
Actually, I tried to explain DNA fingerprinting to him once but found I had to look most of it up myself.
The biology I could understand.
It was the various probability calculations that stuffed me they always do.
Id have been a bad scientist.
Once the techs were out, Nightingale led us inside, making us aware of the circle of blue police tape surrounding a burnt patch on the carpet and the numbered tags scattered around the room.
I brought you two here, said Nightingale, because I want you to have experience of this while the vestigia is strong enough to be identified.
He had us close our eyes and think about nothing, which is of course impossible.
But it was from that jumble of random thoughts that you picked out the uncanny.
In this case the vestigium was quite startling, like a shrieking voice, almost but not quite human.
Like when cats fight outside your window and for a moment you can swear it is a person screaming.
Not once you have been police for any length of time, though you soon learn to tell the difference.
Screaming, I said.
Is that a ghost.
asked Lesley.
In a manner of speaking, said Nightingale.
A demon.
I asked.
In the biblical sense of a fallen angel, no, he said.
But it can be thought of as a spirit that has been driven into a state of malevolence.
How do you do that.
I asked.
Torture some poor soul to death, said Nightingale.
And then trap the spirit at the point of death.
Jesus, I said.
Weaponized ghosts.
The Germans invented this, said Lesley.
Did not they.
Not invented, said Nightingale.
Refined perhaps.
We believe that the technique is actually very old and originated in Scandinavia during the first millennia.
Vikings, said Lesley.
Precisely, said Nightingale.
Bloodthirsty, but surprisingly erudite in a limited fashion.
Well that made sense, what with those long winter nights, I thought.
Once youd exhausted the possibilities of drinking, feasting, and wenching torturing someone slowly to death probably helped to break the monotony.
Nightingale handed me a stick.
I want you to bang gently on the carpet and find the edges of the device, he said.
Lesley can mark the outside with this.
He handed her a piece of chalk.
The stick was thirty centimeters long, knobbly, and still covered in bark.
It looked like something you might pick up while walking in the woods with a small annoying dog.
Very high tech, I said.
Nightingale frowned at me.
Wood is best, he said.
The greener and younger the better.
Pull a branch off a sapling if you can.
Much less likely to set it off.
My mouth went dry.
But this one is not live, I said.
Is it.
You disarmed it.
Not disarmed, he said.
Discharged and dissipated think of it as a controlled explosion.
One that wed heard all the way across the river in Brixton.
But it is inert now.
I asked.
Possibly, he said.
But it was common for these devices to have two separate components, one to cause the initial damage and a second to catch any rescuers or medical teams.
So be careful, said Lesley.
I thumped the carpet a safe distance from the burn mark just to get a feel for what the normal floor surface felt like concrete decking with a layer of hard insulation on top, if I was any judge.
I worked the stick back toward the center until I felt it come down on something unmistakably metallic.
I froze.
Find the edge, said Nightingale.
I forced myself to backtrack until I was tapping concrete again.
Lesley marked the spot with chalk.
I worked my way around the edge it seemed to match the circular burn on the carpet, but Nightingale said you could never take that for granted.
Once wed established that there were no trigger pads outside the burnt area, he handed Lesley a box cutter and we watched as she cut out a square of carpet and peeled it away.
The demon trap was a disk of metal the size of a riot shield, the kind you use for snatch arrests.
The metal was a dull silver and looked like stainless steel.
At the center, two circles had been incised side by side.
One circle was filled with a glittering sand that reminded me of what happened to microprocessors when they were exposed to magic.
I am guessing that the empty one is the first component, I said.
Top marks, Peter, said Nightingale.
So the intact circle is the second component.
What we call a double boss device, said Nightingale.
What is this scratched into the edge.
asked Lesley.
I looked where she was pointing and saw marks etched neatly around the rim of the disk.
Nightingale explained that theyd often found runic inscriptions on demon traps.
The theory was that in the original Viking designs the runes were part of the enchantment.
Like the Taoists.
I asked.
Possibly, he said.
Comparative thaumatology is a discipline still in its infancy.
This was a familiar Nightingale joke meaning that I was the only one currently interested in it.
We spent a great deal of effort having the runes translated, only to find it mostly insults Die English scum, that sort of thing, he said.
Sometimes the messages were more ambiguous This is not a moral argument was one of my favorites, and of course there was the unknown craftsman who wrote, Greetings from Ettersberg.
What did that mean.
Come and put me out of my misery, said Nightingale.
Or so we interpreted it.
Theyd conscripted a lot of practitioners from all over Europe.
Many could not face what they were being made to do, some committed suicide, some suffered from a strange illness where they just stopped eating and wasted away.
Others were tougher, undertook acts of sabotage or tried to contact the outside world.
It must have been a desperate hope that someone would hear them.
And somebody did, I said.
Yes, said Nightingale.
We did.
I recognized the markings and they were not Nordic runes.
This is Elvish script, I said.
I doubt that, said Nightingale.
Not real elves, I said, wondering if there were such a thing.
Elves as in Lord of the Rings elves, Tolkien.
He developed his own language and alphabet for his books.
This is all very interesting, boys, said Lesley.
But much as I like hanging around lethal devices, I have not had my dinner yet so can we get on with the IED.
IDD, I said.
Improvised Demonic Device.
It does not look improvised, anyway, said Lesley.
It looks custom built.
When you two are quite finished, said Nightingale.
Lesley looked outraged but kept her mouth shut.
Nightingale pointed at the empty boss.
This one was primed to go off at the first use of formal magic inside the flat, he said.
I think it was deliberately left behind to kill either of you two.
Fortunately I was the one that triggered it, and I had time to contain and dissipate the effect.
Or what would have happened.
I asked.
It would have killed me, certainly, he said.
And anyone in the flat with me.
And probably would have shortened the life of anyone within twenty yards of here.
I opened my mouth to ask what the deaths would have looked like, but Lesley silenced me with a glare it is impressive how much expression she can project out of those eyeholes.
Luckily this is a nice modern building made of concrete, said Nightingale.
Not much in the way of vestigium in situ, and concrete very absorbent.
I am going to channel the demon into the structure around us, much more slowly than I did with the first one.
The spell will be far too fast for you to follow but I want you two to concentrate on the nature of the demon that might give us a lead as to where it came from.
Nightingale took a deep breath and in a weirdly ecclesiastical gesture brought two fingers down toward the second boss, then paused with his fingertips hovering above the metal.
This may be somewhat unpleasant, he said, and pressed his fingers down.
Fucking major fucking understatement.
We did not throw up, pass out, or burst into tears, but it was a close thing.
Well.
asked Nightingale, who was obviously made of sterner stuff.
A dog, sir, said Lesley hoarsely.
Pit bull, rottweiler, some ugly bastard thing like that.
The second boss had crumbled into sand and one part of my brain was wondering whether that was the same phenomenon that kept destroying my phones.
And the other part of my brain was screaming that I was never going to eat meat again.
There had been blood and pain and mad exultation and concrete walls and rotting straw, and then it started to drain away, exactly as a nightmare does on waking.
Leaving the memory of terror unwinding in your stomach.
Dogfight, I said.
I got to my feet a little unsteadily and helped Lesley to hers.
Nightingale sprang up, his face as angry as I have ever seen him.
He used a dog, he said.
I am not sure I approve of that at all.
At least it was not a human being this time, said Lesley.
Is it safe to take samples.
I asked.
Nightingale said yes, so I borrowed a couple of tamper bags from the forensic techs, who I noticed had not felt a thing, and bagged samples from each of the bosses.
Then I switched my phone on and took pictures of the script around the edges.
Did the Germans ever use dogs.
I asked.
Not that we know of, said Nightingale.
But then, they had an unlimited supply of people.
Do you think he was connected to the Faceless Man.
I asked.
Oh, I think he may have been the original, said Nightingale.
He certainly the right age to be the man who decapitated Larry the Lark and established the place in Soho.
He looked like he might be a stroke victim to me, said Lesley.
Maybe he overdid the magic.
That would explain why he dropped out of sight.
The Faceless Man Id met, the one who had effortlessly kicked me around the rooftops of Soho, had been young, I was sure of it, in his thirties at most.
If Woodville Gentle had gone into medical retirement in the s when his successor was still in short trousers, that would explain the gap.
Nightingale agreed.
But I do wonder what the connection between them is, he said.
The connection could be anything, I said.
Family, apprentice, someone he ran into at the bus stop.
I think we can discard that last one, said Nightingale.
But now we know one end of the connection, said Lesley.
We can track him through his medical records, through that Russian nurse immigration status, the syringes, the money trail from this flat.
Now that we have a name to work with that could take us anywhere.
It is going to take us there bloody cautiously, said Nightingale.
It is obvious to me that the demon trap was left here to kill you and Peter should you have made a return visit.
Follow the paper trail by all means, but from now on there will be no more direct encounters with potential Little Crocodiles without me present.
Is that understood.
Strangely, neither Lesley or I rejected this change in strategy.
There nothing like a brush with death to instill caution in a person.
Nightingale, no doubt perfectly aware that he had made his point, sent us home.
But I was not ready for the quiet of the Folly just yet.
Do you want to go to the pub.
I asked as we were going down in the lift.
We have not gone out drinking in ages.
There might be a reason for that, said Lesley, tapping the mouth hole of her mask.
So use a straw, I said.
How could she say no.
Where are we going.
she asked as we sped down the Embankment.
I thought wed go to the AB local, I said.
Lesley jerked.
You bastard, she said.
They want to know how you are, I said.
You have got to meet them sooner or later.
You were going to say face them were not you.
Face them, I said.
Yes, face them.
And more important neither of us will have to pay for our drinks all night.
CHAPTER Sloane Square QUITE SIMPLY, to be police is to drink.
Unless you are DC Guleed of course, in which case to be police is to learn how to be sociable among a bunch of drunk colleagues.
It starts when you are an ordinary PC because after twelve hours of having the general public wind you up, you need something at the end of the day to wind you down.
If marijuana was legal, the first thing my generation of coppers would do after knocking off would be to light up a spliff of unusual size, but since it is not we go to the pub instead.
It was only after Id sunk my first pint that I realized I was going to be designated driver that night, and thus it was I who was playing the role of virtuous abstainer.
The AB local was your classic Victorian corner pub that was hanging on to its traditional ambience by the skin of its teeth and because it was not fronting the main road.
It was not totally overrun by police but would not have been a good place for a random member of the public to pick a pocket or start a fight.
You could tell the lower ranks from the DC and Burtons suits, while senior officers were splashed out on bespoke it was not just that they could afford it, but because they were less likely to get random bodily fluids on it.
Seawoll was holding court at one end of the bar and putting them away in the sure and safe knowledge that his most competent D.I., Stephanopoulos, was running the case.
When he spotted Lesley he beckoned her over.
When I moved to follow, he stopped me with a raised finger.
Lesley had always been his favorite.
Still, he sent that first and only pint down the bar to me, so the evening at least got off to the right start.
A dark haired DC with pale skin whose name I could not remember sidled over with DC Carey in tow.
She wanted to know whether it was true I worked for the Folly, and when I said yes, she wanted to know whether magic was real or not.
I told her that while there was a lot of really strange shit around, magic, doing spells and the like, did not really exist.
Id taken to giving this explanation to random inquiries ever since Abigail Kamara, junior ghost hunter extraordinaire, had taken my flippant confirmation and run with it.
Pity, the dark haired DC said.
I always thought that reality was overrated.
Shortly after that she drifted off, with Carey bobbing behind like a sadly neglected balloon.
She will miss him if she lets go and he drifts off, I thought.
I looked over to where Seawoll was making Lesley laugh.
She was holding a straight glass full of multicolored alcohol from which two lemon slices, a paper parasol, and a bendy straw protruded.
Since she was occupied, I decided to avail myself of the opportunity to get an update on the case.
There are three basic ways to get yourself up to speed on an ongoing case.
One is to log into Holmes and work your way down the action list, reading statements, evaluating forensic reports, and following the investigation tree to see where each branch leads.
The primary advantage of this technique is, if you have a terminal at home, you can do it while eating pizza and drinking beer.
The second way involves gathering your team around a table somewhere and getting each of them to outline their progress so far.
Often a whiteboard is involved or if you are really unlucky PowerPoint.
The principal advantage of the meeting is that if you happen to be the Senior Investigating Officer, you can look your subordinates in the eye and tell if they are talking bollocks or not.
The disadvantage is that beyond about half an hour, everyone around the table below the rank of Chief Superintendent will begin to slip into a coma.
The third way is to catch up with the investigation team when they are in the pub.
And the big advantage of the pub ambush, beyond the easy availability of alcohol and salted peanuts, is that nobody wants to talk about the case and in their haste to get rid of you they will boil down their role in the investigation to a sentence.
Thus, We did a joint evaluation of video evidence encompassing all possible access points in conjunction with BTP and CLP, and despite widening the parameters of our assessment to include registered and nonregistered cameras in the high probability zones, we have as yet to achieve a positive identification of James Gallagher prior to his appearance at Baker Street becomes We have checked every CCTV camera in the system and it is as if the fucker beamed down from the Starship Enterprise.
Accurate, concise unhelpful.
James Gallagher fellow students thought he was boring, his lecturers thought he was talented but boring, and those locals he interacted with thought he was pleasant, respectful, and boring.
The only interesting thing about him was periodic gaps in his timeline starting in late September, when his movements could not be accounted for.
But that could be him going clubbing, commented the DC who told me.
You always get gaps, and mine a pint if you are buying.
I bought them all night, but what I got out of it was pretty much nothing except to find there was an upper limit to the amount of orange juice I could drink.
I was just wondering whether I could risk another pint when Seawoll beckoned me over and suddenly I was very glad I was sober.
Lesley was as pissed as I have ever seen her.
Excuse me, gentlemen, she said.
I have to powder what is left of my nose.
Seawoll winced as he watched her stagger off in the direction of the WC then turned his attention to me.
She was the best of your generation, he said.
And you broke her.
Between growing up with my mum, for whom tact is the blue stuff you use to put posters up, and my dad, who prided himself on being your plain speaking cockney geezer, particularly when his medicine was late, I am pretty immune to the hard stare.
Still, it was not easy to meet Seawoll gaze and I have stared down Molly.
But that is as it may be, he said.
We are fucking nowhere with this case and it is got that nasty smell that I have come to associate with you and that well dressed piece of shit you work for.
I bit my lip and waited.
He was pushing.
I wondered why.
What do you want.
I asked.
Strangely, this made him smile.
I want to stop running through my life like a man late for an appointment, he said.
But what I want mostly is a way of getting through this case with a minimum of paperwork, property damage, and an actual suspect I can arrest and send up the fucking stairs.
I will do my best, sir, I said.
You know the Covent Garden beheading has never been officially cleared, he said.
That is a dent in my clear up rate, Peter, not yours, because you do not have a fucking clear up rate, do you.
He leaned forward.
I leaned back.
I have got a very good clear up rate, Peter, I am very proud of it and so at the end of this case I expect there to be a collar preferably one attached to a human being.
Yes, sir, I said.
You do know when to keep your mouth shut, said Seawoll.
I will give you that much.
What are your actions for tomorrow.
I am going to follow Kevin Nolan and see if I can not establish what his connection with James Gallagher was, I said.
You are sure there a connection.
They were both dealing in magic pottery, but I did not say that.
You do not want to know, sir, I said.
But with luck we can connect them in a more tangible way.
I want you to write up the action plan properly and file it first thing with the case manager, said Seawoll.
If you get a connection we can use, you call Stephanopoulos immediately and we ramp up the surveillance.
No going off on your own understand.
There was a crash as a door slammed open, followed by a high pitched laugh.
Lesley lurched out of the WC, pulled herself up into a semblance of dignity, and looked around in vague puzzlement before fixing on me and Seawoll.
Oh dear, said Seawoll.
Will you look at the state of that.
About time you took her home, son.
He waved at me imperiously and I scuttled off to do his bidding.
LESLEY WASNT so drunk that she did not think to check my fitness to drive.
I am definitely below the limit, I said as I poured her into the passenger seat and closed the door.
Why are not you drunk.
she asked.
It had grown cold out while we were in the pub, and the inside of the Asbo was freezing my breath steamed as I leaned over to buckle Lesley in.
Because I am driving, I said.
You are so boring, she said.
Youd think a copper who was a wizard would be more interesting.
Harry Potter was not this boring.
I bet Gandalf could drink you under the table.
Probably true, but I do not remember the bit where Hermione gets so wicked drunk that Harry has to pull the broomstick over on Buckingham Palace Road just so she can be sick in the gutter.
Once Lesley wiped her mouth with the napkins Id so boringly kept in the glove compartment against such an eventuality, she resumed by pointing out that Merlin probably had something to teach me about the raising of the wrist.
I would have been subjected to a longer list except Lesley had grown up reading Sophie Kinsella and Helen Fielding and so ran out of fictional wizards at Severus Snape, after which our journey home continued in relative quiet.
By the time Id parked in the Folly garage Lesley had gone from belligerent to my best mate.
She flopped against me and I felt her breasts squashing against my chest as her arm snaked around my waist.
Let is go to bed, she mumbled.
I was hard enough to make me glad I was not wearing jeans.
It certainly did not make maneuvering her through the snow to the back door any easier.
I tried to prop her against the wall while fumbling for my keys but she kept flopping against me.
I could leave the mask on, she said.
Or wear a paper bag.
Her hand found my erection and gave it a delighted squeeze.
I yelped and dropped the keys.
Look what you made me do, I said.
Never mind that, she said, and tried to get her hand inside my fly.
I jumped back and she started to sag slowly into the snow.
I had to throw both my arms around her to try to hoist her back up, but all I managed to do was half pull both her sweater and blouse off.
That is more like it, she said.
I am up for it if you are.
The back door opened to reveal Molly, who looked at me then at Lesley and then back at me.
It is not what you think it is, I said.
Is not it.
asked Lesley as she staggered upright.
Shit.
Let us in, Molly, I want to get her into bed, I said.
Molly gave me a poisonous look as I half dragged Lesley inside.
Well, you put her to bed, then, I said.
So she did.
Molly just reached out, plucked Lesley from my arms, and slung her over her shoulder like a sack of potatoes, only with much less effort than Id have had to use on a sack of potatoes.
Then she slowly turned on the spot and went gliding off into the long shadows of the atrium.
Toby, whod obviously been waiting until the coast was clear, bounced out of the door to see if Id brought him a present.
I headed back to the coach house to do some police work which is, trust me, better than a cold shower.
First thing, I took the image of the Elvish script from the demon trap and ran it through Photoshop, using contrast and edge finding to clarify the letters and, more important, disguise where they came from.
Then I put it out onto the great and varied social media sea with a request for a translation.
While I waited I wrote the formal action plan for Seawoll, no doubt snoring boozily in his bed by now, and emailed it to the Inside Inquiry Team.
The Tolkien scholars were obviously slow off the mark that night so I did a preliminary search on Empire Ware and Empire Pottery and got a lot of links to the Empire Porcelain Company of the North Staffordshire potteries.
It was nice enough stuff, but not only was it from the wrong end of the country, it had ceased trading in the late s yet was nonetheless considered eminently collectible.
It was not until I got past page that I caught a glimpse of what I was looking for the Unbreakable Empire Pottery Company, established.
I changed my search but all I got was a paragraph from an expired eBay auction.
Further research was going to have to be done the old fashioned way by sending an email to the SO and requesting an Integrated Intelligence Platform check.
I referenced Operation Matchbox and gave my warrant number, making it all slick and official.
By the time I finished, there were three translations of the Elvish in my in box.
Bomb disposal experts talk about the bomb maker signature, the telltale flourishes that distinguish one mass murderer from another.
But identification is so much easier when they just write their name in crayon.
I recognized the Faceless Man particular sense of humor.
The transcription read in English If you can read these words then you are not only a nerd but probably dead.
THURSDAY CHAPTER Westbourne Park IN THE good old days when men were real men and members of the Flying Squad dealt with armed robbers the way God intended with a pickaxe handle if you wanted to follow a suspect vehicle you needed at least three cars.
That way you could run a loose box around your target, which was not only hard to shake but minimized the risk that one of your cars would be made as a tail.
Nowadays, with the authorization of an officer of Inspector rank or over, you just run up behind the vehicle in question when it is stationary, obviously and stick a tracker to the chassis.
They are about half the size of a matchbox and cost about the same as a week clubbing in Ibiza.
New Covent Garden at five oclock on a winter morning is a concrete arena full of headlights, smoke, and shouting.
Trucks, vans, and forklifts snort and growl in and out of loading bays while men in reflective coats and woolen hats clutch clipboards and dial their mobiles with clumsy gloved fingers.
It was a simple matter to park the Asbo in the shelter of a multistory car park and crunch through the snow down to the railway arches where all three Transit vans registered to Nolan and Sons were waiting for the day load.
Kevin van was easy to spot.
It was the oldest and dirtiest.
It was also at the end of the row farthest from the garage door.
I hunched up in my jacket, pulled my hat down over my ears, and covered the last twenty meters as nonchalantly as I could.
As I got within a couple of meters I heard voices on the other side of the van.
What if they come looking.
asked a whiney voice Kevin Nolan.
They know your name, Kev.
If they want to find you it would not exactly pose an insurmountable problem for them, said a deeper, calmer voice.
So you might as well make yourself useful.
Kevin big friend or more likely brother.
I felt the top of the tracker to make sure I had it right side up and then, quick as a flash, bent down and stuck it to the chassis.
I wriggled it a few times to make sure it was secure, and as I did so my fingers brushed something that should not have been there.
It was roughly the same size and shape as the tracker.
I do not see why we can not get today stuff from Coates and Son, said Kevin on other side of the van.
Danny says they are giving it away.
I pulled the second object out it was another tracker.
It was even, as far as I could tell in the dark, the same make as mine.
I balled it in my fist and walked away quickly.
Of course they are giving it away.
Kevin probable brother voice receded behind me.
They are being checked.
Was someone else running an operation on the Nolans.
The Inside Inquiry Team had run a pool check on Kevin Nolan and his family the day before, and any police operation would have been flagged.
Could it be MI.
Were the Nolans part of some dissident Irish Republican active service unit or part of a supply chain for the same or informers against.
Had Agent Reynolds been right did the murder actually have an Irish component.
I ducked out of sight behind a truck waiting to be loaded.
No, I thought, it still would have been flagged.
Not least because DCI Seawoll was one of the most respected and formidable officers in the Met and youd have to be remarkably stupid to try and do an end run around him.
I got out my torch and examined the tracker, which was identical in every way to my tracker and probably bought from the same online catalogue.
Unless I wanted to open it up, it was about as traceable as a ballpoint pen.
I took out my keys and scratched a tiny X into the casing in between the attachment magnets, took a deep breath to calm my nerves, and strolled back toward Kevin Nolan crap Transit van.
I had to put it back where I found it but could not leave my tracker next to it, or whoever planted the first tracker might find mine if they came to retrieve theirs.
I could not hear any voices as I reached the van.
I hoped this meant they were all inside the garage.
I bent down, replaced the tracker where Id found it, removed mine, and was just heading for the back of the van when the rear doors crashed open.
You need to clean this fucking van.
It was Kevin probable brother.
I froze, which was about the most suspicious looking thing I could do, and the van rocked as someone climbed inside.
No wonder they are not happy.
Pass me the broom.
It is not the van, said Kevin from the back.
They think they should be getting more.
They get what they pay for, said the voice.
I did not make the stupid deal.
It is always a risk when you have a plan that you stupidly fixate on it even when things go pear shaped.
I realized that because my plan had been to stick my tracker under the back of the van.
I was actually waiting for Kevin and his friend to leave so I could do so risking discovery the whole time.
How stupid is that.
The van rocked rhythmically and I heard God knows what being swept out of the back.
I thought Franny was closed down, said Kevin.
I crouched down, put the tracker ahead of the front wheel arch, and nonchalantly walked away.
It was not as good or secure a position as the back or the midsection, but the magnets on those things are much better than they used to be.
Wed picked our position on the fourth floor of the car park with care.
From there me and Lesley could have set up our camera with the telephoto lens on a tripod and had a direct line of sight on Nolan and Sons had we only been willing to freeze to death or indeed remembered to bring the tripod.
The Asbo was conspicuously the only car in its row with the engine running.
Sorted.
asked Lesley as I climbed gratefully into the warm interior.
Not exactly, I said, and told her about the second tracker.
I fished out the thermos flask, yet another Folly antique, a khaki cylinder the size of a shell casing, and poured myself a coffee.
Lesley was equally skeptical about us being tracked by CTC, but for different reasons.
They do not need to track us, she said.
If they want to know something theyd just phone us up and ask.
And if MI wanted to know something theyd just call CTC, who would call us and ask.
I think it is the FBI.
All the FBI has to do is ask Kittredge and hed ask us, I said.
But we might not tell Kittredge, said Lesley.
Not to mention we know Agent Reynolds bent the rules already by following you.
Lesley went quiet and I paused with the coffee halfway to my lips.
Go on, then, I said.
Why do I have to do it.
asked Lesley.
Because I went out last time, I said.
And I am still freezing.
Lesley snarled but she got out of the car and while I finished my coffee she checked for bugs.
She was back inside in less than two minutes with another identical GPS tracker.
Voil, she said, and dropped it into my palm.
The casing was freezing it must have been attached for ages.
Agent Reynolds, I said.
Or somebody else, said Lesley.
That we do not know about.
I twirled the rectangular box in my hand.
If it had been set up like ours, then it was probably programmed to send a signal if we started moving.
Chances were if I deactivated it now the operator would not notice until she, or possibly a mysterious they, pinged it to check its operating status.
Should I fry it.
I asked Lesley.
No, she said.
You are right, I said.
Because if we destroy it they will know we know, but if we keep it we have the option of feeding whoever it is false information.
We could put the tracker on a decoy vehicle and send them on a wild goose chase, or we could use it to set up a sting Lesley snorted.
We are the police, she said.
Remember.
We are not spies, we are not undercover, and we are conducting a legitimate investigation that is been authorized at the senior officer level.
We want them to follow us so we can identify them, call for backup, and arrest them.
Once we have them in the interview room we will be able to tell who they are by what kind of lawyer turns up.
My way more fun, I said.
Your way more complicated, said Lesley.
She dug her finger under the edge of her mask where it itched.
I miss being a proper copper, she said.
Take it off, I said.
No one going to see you here.
Apart from you, she said.
I am getting used to it, I said.
It is starting to become your real face.
I do not want it to become my real face, hissed Lesley.
I replaced the tracker under the Asbo and we sat in stony silence while the main Nolan and Sons vans were loaded up and driven away.
Finally Kevin did his rounds and returned, surprisingly, not with the garbage bags of leftovers but with neatly loaded pallets on a forklift.
His customers were truly getting the good stuff today.
I jumped out of the Asbo, snapped some pictures with the long lens, and dived back in again.
Turn the tracker on, I said.
Lesley opened the laptop and tilted it to show me that the device was already activated and sending a signal every five seconds.
I backed the Asbo out of its parking space and headed for the exit ramp.
Using a tracker means you do not have to crowd your target, but you do not want to be too far away in case they suddenly do something interesting.
Dawn brought a clear sky of dirty blue and illuminated a landscape of pockmarked snow and icy slush.
Lesley and I instinctively hunched down into our seats as Kevin Nolan van lurched past.
We waited until we were sure we knew which way he was turning on Nine Elms and then followed.
It was all very civilized, but I still would have liked to have a pickaxe handle in the backseat just for tradition sake, you understand.
Cultural weapon, I said out loud.
What.
asked Lesley.
If the police had a cultural weapon, I said.
Like a claymore or an assegai it would be a pickaxe handle.
Why do not you do something more useful, she said, and keep your eyes open for a car with diplomatic plates.
We were coming up on Chelsea Bridge, which for all its blue and white painted carriage lamp charm is only three lanes wide two if you do not count the bus lane.
A good choke point to spot a tail.
All diplomatic cars have distinctive plates that indicate status and nationality, for the ease and convenience of terrorists and potential kidnappers.
I spotted a late model dark blue Mercedes S class with a D plate and read the code out.
Sierra Leone, said Lesley, and I felt a little borrowed patriotic tug.
Have you memorized all of these.
I asked.
Nah, she said.
There a list on Wikipedia.
What is the code for the U.S., then.
I asked.
It is to , said Lesley.
She not going to use an embassy car, I said.
Is she.
I mean, talk about conspicuous.
Lesley felt that I had failed to understand the full implications of using a tracking device you can hang back far enough to be inconspicuous, so it does not matter what plates you have.
And if she did have diplo plates she would not have to pay the congestion charge or parking tickets and it would make it fucking hard to arrest her.
Does she have diplomatic immunity.
asked Lesley.
I do not know, I said.
We could ask Kittredge.
Or we could phone Kittredge now and make it his problem.
She checked the laptop.
Where the fuck is he going.
she said, and tilted the screen so I could see it again the little dots marking Kevin Nolan van were heading into Knightsbridge.
Suddenly, a luxury car with D plates would have blended in perfectly.
Who round here is going to want a van full of dodgy greens.
asked Lesley.
The restaurants in that area generally had their own people to go down to Covent Garden for the best produce.
Things are tough all over, I said.
But our fears for the palates of the diplomats and oligarchs proved baseless as Kevin skirted the west end of Hyde Park and turned up Bayswater Road.
When he turned again into a side street, I put my foot down and closed the gap.
We followed him up a line of deceptively modest looking terraces until Lesley said, He stopping.
In time for me to find an inconspicuous parking space from which we could keep him in view.
London was mostly built piecemeal, and if, like me, you know a little bit of architecture, you can see where the initial developers built a string of grand Regency mansions along a country lane.
Then as the city ground remorselessly westward a line of neat little Victorian terraced houses were built for those members of the working class one needed to have close at hand.
Kevin had stopped outside an odd late Victorian terrace consisting of exactly three houses that abutted the back of a s London brick shopping arcade.
I forbore mentioning this to Lesley because discussion of that sort of thing tends to get her vexed.
Here come the greens, said Lesley.
Kevin Nolan slouched around to the back of his van, opened the doors, collected the first of the pallets, and headed for the front door.
Lesley lifted the camera and its telephoto and we watched through the cable link on the laptop while Kevin scrabbled around in his trouser pockets.
He got his own keys, said Lesley.
Make sure you get a close up on the pallet, I said.
I want to know who the supplier was.
We watched as he ferried the pallets from the van to the house.
Once hed taken the last one inside, he closed the door behind him.
We waited a couple of minutes and then waited some more.
What the fuck is he doing in there.
asked Lesley.
I rummaged in the stakeout bag and discovered that wed eaten all the snacks except for Molly sandwich surprises, packed neatly in greaseproof paper.
I gave them an experimental sniff.
Not tripe this time.
asked Lesley.
Spam, I think, I said, opened up the parcels, and lifted the top slice of homemade bread.
My mistake, I said.
Spam, cheese, and pickle.
He coming out, said Lesley and raised the camera again.
Kevin emerged from the front door carrying a battered cardboard box.
From the way he carried it I assumed it was heavy.
This was confirmed when the van sank on its rear axle as he dumped the box in the back.
He rested for a moment, panting, breath visible in the cold air, before returning to the house, where a minute or two later he reappeared with a second box and loaded that.
It is a funny thing, but you only need to be following someone for a very short period of time before you start identifying with them.
Watching Kevin stagger out the front door with a third heavy box, I had to fight down the urge to jump out of the car and give him a hand.
If nothing else, it would have speeded things up.
As it was, we waited and watched him bring out two more boxes while taking the occasional picture to relieve the boredom.
Much to Lesley disgust I ate the spam, cheese, and pickle sandwiches.
Are you planning to spend the rest of the day breathing out.
she asked.
It is an autonomic function, I said smugly.
Then open the window, she said.
Nah.
It is too cold.
Tell you what, though.
I fished out a Christmas treeshaped air freshener from the glove box and hung it from the rearview mirror.
There you go.
I was probably only saved from death, or at least serious injury, by the fact that Kevin chose that moment to get back into his van and drive away.
We waited a couple of minutes to make a note of the house number and call AB for an intelligence check, then drove after him.
Kevin next stop was fifteen minutes away on the other side of the Westway in what had to be the last unconverted warehouse in the whole of West London.
It still had its double width wooden loading gates on which the original blue paint had faded to a scabby dark gray.
We drew up and watched as he left his van, stamped over to the gates, unlocked the inset pedestrian door, and stepped inside.
I am bored of this, said Lesley.
Let is go in and search the place.
If we let him move on, I said, we could have the place to ourselves, have a good look around before anyone finds out.
Wed need a search warrant, said Lesley.
On the other hand if we wait for little Kevin, who I believe you witnessed assaulting someone yesterday, to carry a couple of boxes in, then we are just investigating his suspicious behavior.
And once we are inside She was right, so that is what we did.
When Kevin opened the gates and drove his van into the warehouse, we drove in just behind him.
He did not even notice until he came around the back of his van to unload.
It was not me, he said.
What was not you.
I asked.
Nothing, he said.
What is in the boxes, then, Kevin.
asked Lesley.
He actually opened his mouth to say Nothing again, but realized that was just too stupid even for him.
Plates, he said, and it was true.
Every box was full of plates, all made of the same tough biscuit colored stoneware as the fruit bowl in James Gallagher flat and the shard that had killed him.
But that was not all.
The loading bay was a wide two story space that penetrated through the center of the warehouse.
At the far end another set of wooden loading gates opened directly onto the towpath of the Grand Union Canal, which ran along the rear.
Opening off the bay on either side were two storage rooms, a pattern duplicated on the first floor and again, albeit with larger rooms, on the second.
All but one of the rooms was fitted with rotting wooden shelving piled with pottery.
Leaving Kevin to Lesley tender mercies, I wandered through the warehouse.
In places the shelving had collapsed to create drifts of dinner plates or saucers that could be treacherous underfoot.
In the far rooms I found piles of tureens and soup bowls covered in a thick layer of dust, and shelves ragged with old cobwebs.
I definitely heard rats scuttling out of my way as I entered each room.
In one I found a long shelf on which ranks of saltcellars were lined up like an army of miniature Daleks and on the shelf below, a different army of little drunk men in tricorn hats toby jugs.
I pulled a few out for a closer look, and as I touched them I felt a little flash of vestigia the pigsty smell, but also beer and laughter.
I saw that the face on each jug was subtly different, as if theyd all been individually made.
As I walked out I could feel them leering at my back.
In another, amid what looked like chamber pots and milk jugs, I found a shelf of statuettes my old friend goddess surprised by a sculptor.
One room, on the ground floor at the back, had been partially cleared of shelves and pottery.
In their place stood, almost as tall as Lesley and smothered in bubble wrap, a brand new fifteen kilowatt kiln.
I found out later it was just about the largest and hottest unit it was possible to buy off the shelf.
Other packing cases arrayed around it turned out to be full of kiln furniture and bags of mysterious colored powders, later identified as ingredients for making various types of ceramic glazes.
I thought of James Gallagher and his newfound interest in ceramics.
A kiln like that would set you back a couple of thousand quid at least, and the Murder Team would have flagged an expenditure like that on day one of the investigation.
Likewise if he was renting the warehouse as a studio.
Where did all this stuff come from.
I asked Kevin.
Which stuff.
he asked.
Even inside Kevin kept his hoodie up, as if worried that without it his brains would fly out of his ears.
The pottery, I said.
The stuff that you have been trying to sell to the traders on the Portobello.
Comes from here, do not it.
he said.
Not from Moscow Road, then.
He gave me an accusing look.
You have been following me.
Yes, Kevin, we have been following you, said Lesley.
That is a violation of my European human rights, he said.
I looked at Lesley surely nobody could really be that stupid.
She shrugged.
Lesley has a much lower opinion of humanity than I do.
I gestured at the kiln.
Do you know whose this is.
I asked.
Kevin glanced incuriously at the kiln and then shrugged.
No idea, he said.
Have you ever noticed anything weird happening around here.
I asked.
Like what.
I do not know, I said.
Ghosts, mysterious noises weird shit.
Not really, he said.
It is time to call in Seawoll, said Lesley.
We made Kevin sit on the edge of the kiln loading pallet and walked out of his hearing.
Is this anything he wants to know about.
I asked.
This could be the source of the murder weapon, said Lesley.
It is down to the SIO to decide what he wants to know about.
I nodded.
She was right but I was thinking that this could have been where James was sloping off to during those gaps in his timeline.
James was a student, but his father was rich.
I want to talk to the senator, I said.
Maybe he paid for all of this.
Lesley reminded me that Little Miss FBI agent was likely to take a close interest in any visit, so I phoned Kittredge.
Have you found your little lost sheep.
I asked.
Why do you ask.
Special Branch might have been reorganized out of existence but they were still the same cagey bastards theyd been when they were doing the legwork for MI during the Cold War.
Possible sighting in Ladbroke Grove, I said.
I just thought Id check with you before wasting any time on it.
She back in the bunker, he said.
Has been since about nine this morning.
That is the hotel, right.
I asked, knowing full well it probably was not.
Grosvenor Square, said Kittredge wearily meaning the American embassy.
I thanked him and hung up.
CTC was responsible for guarding the embassy, including any secret back doors it might have.
If Kittredge said Reynolds was inside, then that is probably where she was.
Sitting in front of a laptop watching us drive around, said Lesley.
Good, I said.
If I leave the tracker with you, then she will never suspect.
Finding the senator was easy enough.
I just called Guleed knowing where the relatives are is part and parcel of the family liaison role.
It comes in useful if they make that unfortunate but all too common transition from victim to suspect.
We are at the house in Ladbroke Grove, said Guleed.
I left Lesley to babysit Kevin and call in the cavalry, and made the short drive in under ten minutes.
THE SENATOR was an ordinary looking man in an expensive suit.
He sat at the kitchen table with a bottle of Jameson and a plastic half pint glass in front of him.
Senator.
I said.
May I have a quick word.
He looked up and gave me a grimace I figured it was the closest he could get to a polite smile.
There was whiskey on his breath.
Please, Detective, have a seat, he said.
I sat down opposite he offered me a drink but I declined.
He had a long face with a curious lack of expression, although I could see pain in the tension around his eyes.
His brown hair was neatly cut into a conservative side parting, his teeth were white and even, and his nails were neatly manicured.
He looked maintained as polished, dusted, and cared for as a vintage automobile.
How can I help you.
he asked.
I asked whether he, or anyone he knew, had purchased a kiln and associated equipment.
No, he said.
Is it important.
I can not say yet, sir, I said.
Did your son have access to an independent source of income a trust fund perhaps.
Yes, said the senator.
Several, in fact.
But they have all been checked and nothing has been taken.
Jimmy was always very self sufficient.
Did you have a lot of contact.
I asked.
The senator poured a measure of whiskey into his plastic cup.
Why do you ask.
The FBI seemed concerned that he might prove embarrassing politically.
Do you know what I like about the English.
asked the senator.
The sense of humor.
I asked.
He gave me a bleak smile to make sure I understood that it was a rhetorical question.
You are not a constituency, he said.
There no community leaders or lobbying group ready to crawl up my ass because somebody somewhere takes exception to a joke or just a slip of the tongue.
If I was to hypothetically speaking call you a limey or a nigger, which one would cause you the most offense.
Was he an embarrassment.
I asked.
Do you know why you evaded that question.
asked the senator.
Because I am a professional, I thought.
Because I spent a couple of years talking to morose drunks and belligerent shoplifters and people who just wanted someone to shout at because the world was unfair.
And the trick of it is simply to keep asking the questions you need the answers for, until finally the sad little sods wind down.
Occasionally you have to wrestle them to the floor and sit on them until they are coherent, but I thought that was an unlikely contingency given who I was talking to.
In what way would he have been embarrassing.
I asked.
You have not answered my question, he said.
I will tell you what, Senator, I said.
You tell me about your son and I will answer.
I asked first, he said.
You answer my question and I will tell you about my son.
If you call me a nigger you just sound like a racist American, I said.
And limey is a joke insult.
You do not actually know enough about me to insult me properly.
The senator squinted at me for a long time and I wondered if I might have been too clever by half, but then he sighed and picked up his plastic cup.
He was not an embarrassment not to me, he said.
Although I think maybe he thought he was.
He sipped his whiskey, I noticed, savoring it on his tongue before he swallowed.
He put the glass down rationing himself I recognized the behavior from my dad.
He liked being here in London, I can tell you that.
He said that the city went on forever.
All the way down, he said.
His eyes unfocused, just for a moment, and I realized that the senator was phenomenally drunk.
So he was in contact with you.
Id arrange a phone call once a week, he said.
Hed call me every other month or so.
Once your kids are out of high school that is pretty much the best you can hope for.
When did you last speak to him.
Last week, said the senator.
His hand twitched toward the whiskey but he stopped himself.
I wanted to know if he was coming back for the holidays.
And was he.
Nope, said the senator.
He said hed found something, he was excited, and the next time he saw me he was going to blow my mind.
The older coppers always make it very clear that it is just not good practice to get too involved with your victims.
A murder inquiry can last weeks, months, or even years, and ultimately the victims do not want you to be sympathetic.
They want you to be competent that is what you owe them.
But still someone had stabbed James in the back and left his father flailing around in grief and incomprehension.
I decided I did not approve of that at all.
I asked some more questions relating to his son artwork, but it was clear that the senator had been indulgent rather than interested.
Guleed, whod been watching me from the other side of the kitchen, managed to convey, by expression alone, the fact that shed already asked all the routine questions and unless I had anything new I should shut up now and leave the poor bastard alone.
I was walking back to the car when Lesley phoned me.
You know that house.
she asked.
Which house.
The one that Kevin Nolan delivered his greenery to.
Yeah, I said.
The one where he picked up all the crockery.
The very crockery that we have just found several metric tons of.
The house off the Moscow Road, I said.
That house does not exist, she said.
CHAPTER Bayswater THE BRITISH have always been madly overambitious, and from one angle it can seem like bravery, but from another it looks suspiciously like a lack of foresight.
The London Underground was no exception, built by a breed of entrepreneurs whose grasp was matched only by the size of their sideburns.
While their equally gloriously bewhiskered counterparts across the Atlantic were busy blowing each other to pieces in a civil war, the British embarked on the construction of the Metropolitan Line knowing only one thing for certain there was no way they would be able to run steam trains through it.
Experience with the established long tunnels of the mainline railways had proven that unless you liked breathing smoke, you wanted to get through the tunnel as fast as possible.
You certainly did not want to stay in there permanently, let alone stop at an equally enclosed station to take on passengers.
So they tried pneumatic tunnels but could not maintain a seal.
They tried superheated bricks but they were not reliable.
They burnt coke but the fumes proved even more toxic than coal smoke.
What they were waiting for were electric trains, but they were twenty years too early.
So steam it was.
And because of that the London Underground was a lot less underground then originally planned.
Where the tracks ran under an existing roadway, they put in steam grates, and wherever the tracks did not, they tried to leave the roof off as much as possible.
One such cut famously existed at Leinster Road, where, in order to hide the unsightly railway from sensitive middle class eyes, two brick facades were built that seamlessly replicated the grand Georgian terrace that had been demolished to dig it.
These fake houses, with their convincing but blind painted windows, became an endless source of humor to the kind of people who think making minimum wage pizza delivery guys go to a false address is the highest form of wit.
Everyone knows about Leinster Road, except perhaps minimum wage pizza delivery guys, but Id never heard of any fake houses west of Bayswater Station.
Once you knew what you were looking for they were easy to spot on the satellite view of Google maps, although their nature was somewhat disguised by the oblique angle of the aerial photograph.
Me and Lesley talked our way into one of the flats above the shopping arcade on the Moscow Road, which had a good view over the back of the house where Kevin Nolan had delivered his greenery.
From there it was obvious that, while the buildings were less than a full house, they were more than just a facade.
It is like someone only built the front rooms, said Lesley.
Where the rear rooms and back garden should have been there was a sheer drop to the track bed six meters below.
Yes, I said.
But why.
Lesley dangled the keys shed confiscated from Kevin Nolan in front of my face.
Why do not we go find out, she said.
She must have detached them from Kevin when we put him in a car to send him off to AB to be interviewed.
Both of the houses were part of the same facade, but we chose the door that Kevin had used on the basis that hed known what he was doing.
It looked like an ordinary front door, set deep in the mid Victorian fashion with a rectangular fanlight above.
Close up I could see that the door was crudely repainted red without stripping the original paint first.
I picked a flake off and found it had been at least three different shades, including an appalling orange color.
There was no doorbell, but a tarnished brass knocker in the shape of a lion head.
We did not bother knocking.
Id expected the inside to resemble the back of a stage set, but instead we found ourselves in a classic Victorian hallway complete with a badly scuffed black and white tile floor and yellow wallpaper that had faded to a pale lemon.
The only difference was that instead of running front to back, it ran from side to side, linking both of the notional terraces.
On our left there was a duplicate front door, and ordinary interior doors at each end.
I went left.
Lesley went right.
Beyond my door was a room with bay windows, net curtains, and bare floorboards.
There was a smell of dust and machine oil.
I spotted something green on the floor and retrieved a lettuce leaf still crisp.
The back wall was plastered, grubby, and devoid of windows.
It was a locked room mystery the case of the missing vegetables.
I was just about to see if Lesley had more luck when I noticed that a black iron ring was inset into a floorboard.
A closer inspection revealed that it was the handle for a trapdoor, and with a surprisingly easy lift, it opened to reveal a six meter drop onto the tracks below.
Carefully, I lay down on the floor and stuck my head through the hatchway.
I was disconcerted to see that the two half houses were held up by a series of wooden beams.
They were old, black with soot, and spanned the width of the trackway, bolstered at the ends with diagonal beams that had been fitted into the brick walls of the cut.
Attached with iron bolts to the nearest beam was a long flattened contraption made of iron, dark colored wood, and brass.
It took me a bit of squinting but I finally realized that it was a staircase in the manner of a folding fire escape neatly concertinaed and stowed to the underside of the house.
Within easy reach of the hatch was a brass and leather lever with a clutch handle like those you find on vintage cars and steam engines.
I reached out to see if it would move.
What is down there.
I turned my head to find Lesley staring down at me.
A folding staircase, I think, I said.
I am just going to see if I can unlock it.
It should drop straight down onto the tracks.
I reached once more for the lever, but as I did so a Circle Line train clattered directly beneath me on its way to Bayswater Station.
It took about thirty seconds to go past.
Are you sure that is a good idea.
asked Lesley.
I think, I said slowly, it would be better if we call BTP first.
What do you think.
I think you may be right, she said.
So I got to my feet, closed the hatch, and called Sergeant Kumar.
You know you said that the whole point about secret access points is that they were not secret from you.
I asked.
Care to make a bet on that.
He asked me where and I told him.
I am on my way, he said.
Do not do anything stupid.
What did he say.
asked Lesley.
He said not to do anything stupid until he gets here, I said.
Wed better find something to keep you occupied, then, she said, and made me call the Murder Team to let them know what we had found and ask whether theyd traced the owner of the warehouse on Kensal Road yet.
Three minutes later Lesley got a phone call.
That is right, she said and then looked at me.
Not so far, she said, and then, I will tell him bye.
She put her phone away.
That was Seawoll, she said.
Stephanopoulos is on her way down and you are not to do anything stupid until she gets here.
You burn down one central London tourist attraction, I thought, and they never let you forget it.
Stephanopoulos arrived ten minutes later with a couple of spare DCs in tow.
I met her at the front door and showed her around.
She stared gloomily down the hatch as another train rumbled underneath.
Despite the noise the room stayed remarkably steady.
Is this our case, your case, or BTP case.
she asked.
I told her that it was probably related to the James Gallagher murder, likely to have unusual elements, and had definitely spilled into the bailiwick of the British Transport Police.
Stephanopoulos looked abstracted.
She was thinking about her budget I could tell from the way she bit her lip.
Let is say this is your case until we know for sure, she said.
Although CTC is going to have a fit if they think person or persons unknown have had unrestricted access to the Underground.
You know how sensitive they get.
Having hoisted her budget problems onto the Folly, Stephanopoulos gave me a grin.
While we were waiting for Kumar we got the finished pool check on the warehouse.
Apparently it was owned by a company called Beale Property Services, which had, as a matter of interest, owned it under one company name or another since the nineteenth century.
Is that significant.
asked Stephanopoulos.
Id like to know who been using it, I said.
See if you can not set up an interview at Beale Property Services, the more senior the better, she said.
I will come with.
Before I could do that, a BTP response vehicle screamed to a halt outside and Sergeant Kumar came running into the half a house with two uniformed BTP officers.
I showed them the hatch and they looked down it.
Bloody hell, said Kumar.
CHAPTER South Wimbledon BEALE PROPERTY Services was located on a dreary industrial estate off the A in Merton.
From the outside, the HQ was an equally dreary two story brick built utility office enlivened by cheap blue cladding and festooned with security cameras.
Inside it was surprisingly pleasant, with pastel colored sofas, glass walled offices rather than cubicles, and at least two articulated lorries worth of Christmas decorations hung from every available furnishing.
There was also a great absence of people, including behind the mahogany topped reception desk.
Now, there a time when an unlocked premises is a positive boon to a police officer, as in, I was just looking to ascertain the whereabouts of the proprietor when I stumbled across the Class A controlled substances that were in plain sight in the bottom drawer of a locked desk in an upstairs office, mlord.
Leave the police alone in a room for five minutes and we start looking in drawers, locked or otherwise.
It is a terrible habit.
Stephanopoulos fingers were actually beginning to twitch when a short balding white guy in a chunky knit pullover and khaki chinos bustled down the corridor toward us.
I am afraid the office is closed for Christmas, he said.
Is not that a bit premature.
asked Stephanopoulos.
The man shrugged.
Nobody could make it in because of the snow this week, he said.
So I told everyone to come back after Christmas.
He had the sort of default BBC accent that a posh person acquires through trying to avoid sounding too much like he went to public school.
But it is not snowing anymore, I said.
I know, he said.
It is a bugger, is not it.
What can I do for you.
We are looking for Graham Beale, said Stephanopoulos.
CEO of Beale Property Services.
The man grinned.
Then you are in luck, he said.
For that is I.
We identified ourselves and told him we wanted to ask a few questions about one of his properties.
He led us into what was obviously a staff coffee area and asked if wed like a Baileys.
We were planning a bit of a pre Christmas drink, he said, and showed us a cupboard stuffed with bottles.
Stephanopoulos enthusiastically agreed to a large one but took it upon herself to decline on my behalf.
He my designated driver, she said.
Beale poured two measures of Baileys into a pair of mugs and we sat down at a round table with a white laminated top.
Stephanopoulos sipped her drink.
That brings back a lot of memories, she said.
So, said Beale.
What do you want to know.
He laughed when Stephanopoulos explained about the warehouse on Kensal Road.
Oh God, yes, he said.
That place.
The Unbreakable Empire Pottery Company.
I got out my notebook and pen.
Notes, like running after suspects and finding your own parking space, being one of the things Detective Inspectors do not expect to do themselves.
It is owned by your company.
asked Stephanopoulos.
As you can probably gather, said Beale, we are that rarity in this modern age a family owned business.
And the Unbreakable Empire Pottery Company was once the jewel in the crown.
This was all before the war, you understand.
When there was still an empire to sell pottery to, I thought.
As the name suggested, the great selling point of Unbreakable Empire Pottery was that it was well nigh unbreakable, or at least it was when compared to ordinary china and stoneware.
Thus it could be carried up the Limpopo by bearers or strapped to the flank of an elephant and its owner could still be confident that at the end of a long and arduous journey he would still have a plate to eat off and, more important, a pot to piss in.
Chamber pots being by far the most popular item.
A commercial empire founded on poo, said Beale it was obviously his one big joke.
Where were they actually manufactured.
I asked.
In London, in Notting Hill, said Beale.
Most people do not realize that London has a rich industrial heritage.
Notting Hill used to be known as the Potteries and Piggeries because that is what it was famous for.
It also had a reputation for some of the vilest living conditions in Victorian England, and, given the competition was Manchester, that was pretty vile.
Everybody knows about the kiln on Pottery Lane, said Beale.
But they think that was all bricks.
Stephanopoulos and I exchanged looks.
Since we were both completely ignorant of the kiln or the bricks, neither of us thought anything of the sort but we decided it was best to keep that to ourselves.
Apparently after six days baking pigs and herding bricks, the inhabitants would kick back with a spot of cock fighting, bullbaiting, and ratting.
It was the sort of place an adventurous gentleman might venture only if he did not mind being beaten, rolled, and catching an exciting venereal disease.
All of this was imparted by Beale with the relish of a man whose family had not had to shovel shit for at least three generations.
Thanks to Graham Beale great great grandfather, an illiterate navvy from Kilkenny who founded the company in.
Where did he get the money from.
asked Stephanopoulos.
Well spotted, said Beale, unaware that Where did the money come from.
is one of the three standard police questions, along with Where were you on the night in question.
and Why do not you just make it easy on yourself.
Where does an impoverished Irishman dig up the readies, especially back then.
he said.
But I can assure you the source of his start up capital was entirely legal.
The answer was that navvies were actually very well paid by the standards of the Victorian laboring classes.
They had to be, given the need to attract men from all over to do such backbreaking work in such dangerous conditions.
In the majority of cases this largesse was pissed against the wall or swindled out of their hands by everyone from corrupt gang masters, greedy subcontractors, or just the army of camp followers that trailed the men around the country.
But if a man was clever and clear sighted, he could form with his mates what was called a butty gang, effectively cutting out the gang master and his cut of the earnings.
And if that butty gang had a reputation for being good at, say, tunneling, they might strike a good deal with the subcontractor, who more than anything else in the world wanted to get his section done on time with as little fuss as possible.
And, most important of all, if that man could persuade his mates to avoid the demon drink and bank their wages in a real bank, then after twenty years he might finish with a tidy sum.
Such a man was Eugene Beale, also known as Ten Ton Digger, who left Ireland out of the inexplicable desire to avoid starving to death and ended up building Vauxhall Station.
They were famous as tunnelers, said Beale.
They built sewers for Bazalgette and the Metropolitan Line for Pearson all the while keeping their money safe.
They had lodgings just off Pottery Lane and everyone assumed that is where they picked up the recipe for Unbreakable Pottery.
A secret recipe.
I asked hopefully.
At the time, yes, said Beale.
It is actually a form of double fired stoneware very similar to Coade stone, which I believe is still made to this day.
Wonderful stuff, very tough, and most important for London in those days, resistant to damage from coal smoke.
Do you still know how to manufacture it.
I asked.
Stephanopoulos gave me a sharp look that I had to ignore.
Personally.
asked Beale.
Not me.
I am strictly business administration but I understand that these days with electric kilns and whatnot it would not be that hard.
Keeping the temperature constant with those old coke burning kilns was the real trick.
So where did they have their factory.
I asked.
Beale hesitated, and I realized that wed tipped over from friendly chat to helping police with their inquiries.
I felt Stephanopoulos straighten a fraction in her chair.
On Pottery Lane of course, said Beale.
Care for a refill.
Stephanopoulos smiled and held out her glass.
It is always better if the person you are interviewing does not know that you know that they know they have to be more careful.
What, all the way up to the s.
I asked.
Beale hesitated again, as if thinking carefully about the dates.
No, he said.
The work went up north to Staffordshire to one of the potteries there.
Can you remember the name.
Why on earth do you want to know.
asked Beale.
The Arts and Antiques Squad want to know, I said.
Something to do with stolen figurines on the Internet.
Stephanopoulos gave an involuntary snort but at least managed to suppress a laugh.
Oh, said Beale.
I see.
I am sure I can dig the information out for them do they need it right away.
I paused just to see his reaction but he was much smoother than his favorite uncle in a chunky sweater persona suggested, and just looked blandly helpful.
No, I said.
After the new year will be fine.
Beale took a fortifying gulp of Baileys and explained that unbreakable pottery was all very well but Eugene Beale and the surviving members of his butty gang drew upon their phenomenal tunneling experience to become engineering subcontractors in their own right.
As the work became mechanized and the expendable masses were replaced by massive machines, each new generation of Beales were educated to meet the challenges of the new age.
I thought you were business and administration.
I asked.
I am, he said.
It was my younger brother who was the engineering brains of our generation.
Despite our name we do a great deal of civil engineering work, in fact that is what saved us when the crash came.
If it had not been for our Crossrail contracts we would have gone under.
Would it be possible to talk to your brother.
I asked.
Beale looked away.
I am afraid he was killed in a work accident.
I am sorry, I said.
However technological it gets, said Beale, tunneling is still dangerous work.
About the warehouse, said Stephanopoulos quickly, presumably to stop me from going off on another tangent.
That is a prime piece of real estate you have there even in the current market.
Why have not you developed it.
As I was saying, said Beale, we are a family firm, and like many companies that grow organically, our management structures are not always entirely rational.
We leased the warehouse to Nolan and Sons in the early sixties, and while the terms of that lease are still running we can not repossess it.
That is a very strange contract, said Stephanopoulos.
That is probably because it was written on a beer mat and sealed with a handshake, said Beale.
That is the way my father liked to do business.
We stayed a bit longer to get contact details, so that a minion from the Murder Team could have a fun Christmas unpicking the corporate structure of Beale Property Services, just in case it became relevant later.
I doubted it would be a priority perhaps the minion would only have to give up New Year Eve.
We walked back to Stephanopoulos BMW, picking our way through slippery patches of decomposing snow.
I am as fond of industrial archaeology as the next woman, Peter, said Stephanopoulos.
But what the hell was that all about.
The murder weapon, I said.
At last, she said.
Something I can relate to.
James Gallagher was stabbed with a shard of a large flat dish, I said, whose chemical composition matches that of the fruit bowl we have now traced back to a warehouse full of similar stuff.
Identified as the property of the Unbreakable Empire Pottery Company, said Stephanopoulos.
With you so far Wait.
Is this where it is going to get odd.
That depends on how much you want to know, boss.
I opened the passenger door for her to get in.
What are my options.
she asked as I climbed into the driver seat.
Meaningless euphemisms at one end and your full on Unseen University at the other, I said.
The Unseen University is a bit like Hogwart is Stephanopoulos cut me off.
I have read some Terry Pratchett, she said.
Really.
Not really.
But my partner buys them in hardback and reads out bits to me over breakfast, she said.
So what do you read for fun.
I asked.
I am partial to the odd misery memoir, she said.
I find it comforting to know other people had worse childhoods than me.
I kept my mouth shut there are some things you do not ask senior officers.
I will settle for meaningless euphemisms, she said at last.
I backed out of the car park before explaining.
All of the pottery found so far has the same signature, which indicates that it is special, I said.
But this signature fades with time I was going to say it was like the half life of radioactive decay, but I have found to my cost that that just usually leads to me explaining what radioactive half life is.
like a painting that is been left in the sun, I finished.
The stuff in the warehouse is old, some of it very old, but the murder weapon felt brand new.
What about the boxes of plates that Kevin Nolan arrived with.
Pretty faded, I said.
I suspect it was stored somewhere else prior to Kevin delivery.
Stored where.
asked Stephanopoulos.
And by who.
Someone going to have to go underground to find out, I said.
Three guesses as to who that was going to be.
CHAPTER Bayswater RULE NUMBER one of underground exploration is, according to Sergeant Kumar, minimize the number of people actually underground at any one time.
That way if things go wrong there are fewer bodies for the rescuers to dig out.
That meant the party would consist of me because of my specialist expertise and Kumar, because he was experienced exploring underground.
I asked him where all this experience came from.
I do caving in my free time, he said.
Yorkshire and Dartmoor mostly, but this year I spent a month in Meghalaya.
Which was a state in northeastern India and essentially virgin territory for cavers very exciting and dangerous.
Since the London Underground had only just got back to normal service after the snow, there was no way they were going to shut down the Circle Line while we explored.
So we were going to wait until the official shutdown at one in the morning.
Kumar suggested I get some rest and that we reconvene later to get tooled up.
So, leaving Lesley to keep an eye on the house that was not there, I went home to the Folly for a meal and a sleep.
I got up at eight, had a hot bath, and took Toby for a walk in Russell Square.
It was cold and crisp and the sky was so clear that if not for London chronic light pollution I am sure I would have seen stars.
Id agreed to meet Kumar back in Bayswater around ten, so as soon Toby finished marking his territory, I headed back in to get my gear.
As I crossed the atrium Molly emerged suddenly from the shadows.
I jumped.
I always jump, and that seems to give Molly endless amusement.
Will you stop doing that, I said.
Molly gave me a bland look and held out a holdall bag.
I recognized it as Lesley.
I took it and promised faithfully to make sure she got it.
I managed to resist the urge to go rummaging around inside it, my willpower bolstered by the fact that you never knew when Molly might be watching you from the shadows.
To my surprise, Nightingale was waiting in the garage by the Jag.
I will drive you over, he said.
He was in his heavy dark blue suit with a matching Aran sweater and his serious plain brown lace ups.
His Crombie greatcoat was hung up in the back of the car.
Are you supervising tonight.
I asked once we were seated.
He started the Jag and let the engine warm for a bit.
I thought Id spell Lesley, he said.
Dr.
Walid does not want her getting overtired.
I often forget how good a driver Nightingale is, especially in the Jag.
He insinuates himself through traffic like a tiger padding through a jungle, or at least how I imagine a tiger pads through a jungle.
For all I know the damned things swagger through the forest like rottweilers at a poodle show.
While he drove I filled him in on the complex details of that night is operation.
Me and Kumar are going to drop down through the hatch, meet up with his patrolman, and see if we can track where the veggies went, I said.
Kumar and I, said Nightingale.
Not me and Kumar.
Nightingale periodically attempted to improve my grammar and was curiously deaf to what I consider a pretty convincing and sophisticated argument that the rules of English grammar are largely an artificial construct with little or no bearing on the language as it is spoke.
Kumar and I, I said to keep him happy, will descend while Lesley and a couple of bods from the Murder Team will hang about on the tracks just in case.
Just in case of what.
asked Nightingale.
What are you expecting to find.
I do not know, tramps, trolls, sentient badgers you tell me.
Not trolls, said Nightingale.
They prefer riverbanks, particularly spots overshadowed by stone or brick.
Hence the stories about bridges, I said.
Precisely, said Nightingale.
As far as I am aware, nothing unusual lives in the tunnels, or the sewers for that matter.
Although there are always rumors, colonies of vagrants, tribes of navvies that have become trapped underground and turned cannibal.
That was a film, I said.
Death Line, said Nightingale, surprising me.
Starring Donald Pleasance.
Do not look so shocked, Peter.
Just because I have never owned a television does not mean I never went to the cinema.
Actually Id always thought he sat in the library with a slim volume of metaphysical poetry until the commissioner called him on the bat phone and summoned him into action.
Holy paranormal activity, Nightingale to the Jag mobile.
The cinema of David Lean yes, I said.
Low budget British horror films no.
It was filmed just around the corner from the Folly, he said.
I was curious.
Any rumors that were not made into a film.
I asked.
An old school chum of mine called Walter once tried to convince me that any system, such as an underground railway or indeed the telephone network, could develop a genius loci in the same fashion as the rivers and other sacred sites.
Nightingale paused to negotiate a tricky knot of traffic as we got off the Harrow Road.
Was he right.
I asked.
I could not say, he said.
Once Walter got going I never really understood more than one word in ten, but he really was terribly bright so I am at least willing to entertain the possibility.
Certainly if a Scotsman introduced himself to me as the god of telephones Id be inclined to take him at his word.
Why a Scotsman.
Because of Alexander Graham Bell, said Nightingale, who was obviously in a whimsical mood that night.
We did the strange Bayswater one way system and turned up Queensway, which had opted for Christmas lights that year.
Many of the shops were open late and the pavement crowded with shoppers.
The weather had obviously concentrated the pre Christmas rush into a mad panic.
Have you found time to buy your presents yet.
asked Nightingale.
Already sorted, I said.
Got my mum.
An envelope full of cash, because my mum is definitely not of the thought that counts school of Christmas giving.
And I found a mint original Easy Geary LP for my dad.
On Hathor.
asked Nightingale.
I was impressed this was some seriously obscure West Coast jazz we were talking about.
I complimented him on his jazz erudition.
Buying for Lesley had been a pain, and in the end I wimped out and got her some expensive moisturizing cream.
It could have been worse it could have been scented candles.
Nightingale did not ask me what Id got him, and I did not ask what hed got me.
THE NIGHT was still and cold as we pulled up outside the fake houses that conveniently served as staging area and changing room.
Kumar had brought me a wet suit and bright orange overalls with yellow reflector patches to go over it.
The neoprene was thinner and the fit looser than I was expecting I was not going to be making any kind of fashion statement.
I do not expect us to get that wet unless we end up in the drains, said Kumar.
You want it loose for movement and you definitely do not want to overheat.
He handed me a set of boots that looked like the unfortunate love child of a pair of Doc Martens and a pair of Wellingtons but were surprisingly comfy.
We were changing in what everyone had started calling the trapdoor room, with the hatch closed to prevent me from falling down it while I hopped about trying to get my boots on.
Do we wear our vests.
I asked.
What do you expect to find down there.
asked Kumar.
I honestly do not know, I said.
The stab vest was especially developed for the Met to be both stab and bullet resistant with emphasis on the word resistant, you notice, not proof.
Id worn one for two years while in uniform but had got out of the habit in the last year.
Still, a stab vest was a comfort in a tight spot, so on they went.
Our helmets were the same high visibility orange as our overalls and supported state of the art LED headlamps.
We divvied up the remainder of the essentials, Kumar getting the rope and rescue tools while I took the first aid kit, the emergency food, and the water.
Damn, I said.
This is worse than riot training.
Lesley, whod been waiting in the next room while we changed, walked in.
Nightingale wants to know when you are going, she said.
We are just waiting for the patrolman, said Kumar, then opened the hatch and stuck his head down to have a look.
Are we going to have the place to ourselves.
I asked.
Kumar climbed to his feet.
It is actually going to be quite crowded down in the tunnels, he said.
TfL has every work gang that would take overtime down there tonight.
Tomorrow is the last full shopping day before Christmas and it will be the first full service day this week it is going to be brutal.
Your engineers, I said.
Are they roughnecks.
The roughest of the rough, he said.
Good, I said.
We know where to run for help, then.
The flaring beam from a torch flashed suddenly up through the open hatch, followed by a piercing shepherd whistle.
That will be the patrolman, said Kumar, and then called down into the dark, David.
Up here.
As Kumar exchanged shouts with the patrolman, Lesley fetched Nightingale.
The idea was that hed keep an eye out on the world aboveground and be ready to rush to the rescue or, more likely, pick us up if we surfaced far away.
We might as well lower the stairs, then, I said.
If they are stairs, said Lesley.
I lay down on the floorboards and put my head through the hatch, looking for the brass handle to operate the folding staircase.
From below a light shone in my face.
You might want to stand back a bit, I shouted down, and the light retreated.
I was just reaching for the handle when Lesley spoke in my ear.
Are you sure that is safe.
I looked to find that shed lain down beside me and had hung her head out the hatch as well.
Meaning what.
I asked.
We do not know what it does, said Lesley, looking at the handle.
It might swing round and snick your arm right off.
When we were doing our probation at the Charing Cross nick Id learned to listen to Lesley suggestions especially after the thing with the dwarf, the showgirl, and the fur coat.
Okay, I said.
I will use a line.
And scrambled up to find one.
Nightingale waved me aside and muttered something quietly.
I felt the forma lining up, a fourth order spell, I thought, with that economy of style and the abrupt twist of strength that I was beginning to recognize as his signre.
I heard a creak and a clank, which I guessed was the lever pulling itself, and then a surprisingly quiet but prolonged rattle of metal as the stairs unfolded and dropped.
Or we could do that, I said.
Was that magic.
asked Kumar.
Can we please get on with it, said Nightingale.
I cautiously put my weight onto the steps, which bounced gently underfoot.
When it did not collapse I walked all the way down.
The last step hovered a third of a meter above the Underground rails.
A safety measure, I assumed, against electrocution when the track was live.
Once they saw that Id made it safely, the others followed me down.
Kumar introduced us to a cheerful Welsh geezer called David Lambert the patrolman.
It was his job to walk the line each night checking for faults.
I have been doing this stretch for six years, he said.
I always wondered what all that ironwork was for.
You never thought to ask.
Well, no, he said.
It is not TfL equipment, see, and it is not like I do not have enough to worry about down here already.
Even after we stepped out from under the fake houses, the bottom of the cut was pitch black.
Fifty odd meters to the east were the lights of Bayswater Station, where gangs of men in high visibility jackets were manhandling heavy equipment onto the tracks.
We knew there had to be a secret door.
Even if whoever it was had delivered the pottery overnight, theyd still taken the fresh produce away in the middle of the day while the trains were running.
You could not count on more than five minutes without a train on the track, and the time window was smaller because you did not want to be seen by the drivers.
Since there was not an obvious entrance within fifty meters in either direction, we had to be talking about a concealed entry.
There always a secret door, I said.
That is why you always need a thief in your party.
You never said you used to play Dungeon and Dragons, Lesley had said when I explained my reasoning.
Id been tempted to tell her that I was thirteen at the time, and anyway it was Call of Cthulhu, but I have learned from bitter experience that such remarks generally only make things worse.
Do not you have to make a perception roll.
she asked as I walked slowly along the dusty brick wall that lined the cut.
You know a suspicious amount about gaming, I said.
Yeah well, said Lesley.
Brightlingsea not exactly the entertainment capital of the Essex coast.
I felt something and paused to trace my fingers along the course of bricks.
The surface was gritty beneath my fingers and suddenly there it was the hot sand smell of the furnace and a whispered muttering sound on the cusp of hearing.
Even as vestigium went, it was faint.
I doubted I would have spotted it as recently as this summer but I was improving with practice.
Got it, I said.
I checked the position.
On the north side of the cut, underneath the road on which the false houses fronted in the shadows and hidden from any of the nearby buildings that overlooked the tracks.
Less the five meters from the base of the extendable staircase.
I extended my baton and gave the wall a rap.
It was not hollow but it was definitely a different pitch from the adjacent section.
For extra strength, the walls of the cut had been built with a line of arched alcoves that looked for all the world like bricked up windows.
The easiest way to hide a door, I figured, would be to give it the same dimensions as an alcove.
In a film you would be able to open the door by pushing in a false brick.
I picked a brick at a convenient waist height and pushed it, just to get that stupid notion out of the way.
The brick slid smoothly in, there was a click, and the door cracked open.
Shit, said Lesley.
A secret door.
The door was well balanced and definitely oiled and maintained because, despite being really heavy, it opened easily enough when I pulled on it.
The back was made out of steel, which explained the weight, with a thick ceramic veneer fused I have no idea how onto the front as camouflage.
Speak, friend, and enter, said Kumar.
I stepped inside and looked around.
It was a brick lined passageway wide enough for two people, with an arched ceiling sufficiently high that I had to stretch to touch it.
It ran parallel to the cut in both directions, right toward Bayswater and left toward Notting Hill, in which direction I found a crushed bean sprout on the floor.
They went thataway, I said.
The air was still and tasted flat, like water that had been boiled more than once.
You follow the bread crumbs, said Nightingale.
And I will take David here for a quick recce in the opposite direction.
See how far the tunnel runs that way.
Do you think it runs as far as Baker Street.
asked Lesley.
That would certainly explain how James Gallagher got where he did, said Nightingale.
David the Patroller looked dubious.
That would involve passing through Paddington and that is a big station with open platforms, he said.
It is worth a look anyway, said Nightingale.
Perhaps the tunnel ducks under Paddington.
And what about me.
asked Lesley.
You can guard this secret door and act as communications relay, said Nightingale.
And in the event that you hear us screaming, you can come rescue us.
Great, said Lesley without enthusiasm.
So me and Kumar headed off down the passageway with Lesley glaring at my back.
As we went I could not help thinking our little party was short a rogue and a cleric.
FRIDAY CHAPTER Notting Hill Gate MY FIRST thought was, how many people could be supported by five to six boxes of vegetables a day.
My second thought, after wed been walking in a straight line for five hundred meters or so, was this was a hell of a long way to go to the shops.
Which was followed by my third thought, which was Where would these hypothetical vegetable eaters be getting their protein from.
Mushrooms, rats, the occasional commuter.
Cannibal navvies thank you so much, Inspector Nightingale.
When do you think this was built.
asked Kumar.
The same time as the cut was dug, I said.
See the way the bricks are laid.
That style called an English bond.
It matches the work on the tracks and it is the same kind of London brick.
Probably made locally.
They teach you this stuff at Hendon.
asked Kumar.
I had an education before Hendon, I said.
I was thinking of training to be an architect.
But you were lured away by the glamour of police work, said Kumar.
Not to mention the high pay and the respect of your peers.
Architecture did not work out, I said.
How come.
I found out I can not draw.
Oh, said Kumar.
I did not know that was still a requirement.
What with computers and everything.
You still need draftsmanship, I said.
Is that a turn.
Ahead, the passageway curved to the left.
Kumar checked his map.
We must be following the curve of the trackway.
I think you are right about this being contemporaneous, he said.
It must have been built by the contractor.
It made sense.
If you are cutting a nine meter wide trench through the heart of London you might as well throw in a side tunnel.
It could have all sorts of uses, a safety route, a utility conduit.
But in that case why not just make the cut wider.
Or if you wanted it covered, why not a colonnade.
We should have checked the original plans, I said.
I did, said Kumar.
Definitely no secret passages.
We stopped when we were far enough around the curve to start losing sight of the passage behind us.
I flashed my light back toward where Lesley was hopefully standing guard and called her on my airwave.
Still here, she said, and I saw a flash as she waved her torch at us.
I told her that we might be out of communication soon.
Airwave works in the Underground but only when it is in range of a relay, and the tunnels predated digital radio by a good century and a half.
Lesley told us that Nightingale had popped up on the other side of Bayswater Station, which meant it was growing more likely that James Gallagher could have used the passageway to reach Baker Street.
She suggested we look for any evidence that hed been in our section.
Thanks, I said.
Never would have thought of that.
Stay safe, she said and hung up.
I was just wondering if we were going to end up walking all the way to Notting Hill when Kumar found the stairs.
It was a spiral staircase wrapped around a thin cast iron hub, unmistakably late Victorian.
Who else would expend that much effort on something no one was ever going to see.
It was impossible to tell how far down it went, although I caught a strong whiff of excrement and bleach wafting up from below.
That is the sewers, said Kumar.
No mistaking that.
Beyond the entrance to the staircase the passageway continued in its curve to the left.
Down the stairs or keep going.
I asked.
We could split up, said Kumar with more enthusiasm than I liked.
The floor of the passageway beyond the stairs seemed a paler color under my headlight than the section wed just walked.
I squatted down and had a closer look.
There was definitely more dust on the far side and it seemed less disturbed.
I admit it was not much, but it was all we had and there was no way I was splitting up.
I explained my reasoning to Kumar, who cracked a glow tube to mark the spot and made a note on his map.
Down it is, he said.
We went down slowly, counting revolutions as we did.
Three turns down we encountered a landing with a doorway the stairs continued down.
When I had a look through the doorway, the shit and bleach smell was strong enough to make me gag.
The room beyond was barely larger than a broom cupboard and most of the floor was taken up with an open hatchway.
Holding my nose and breathing through my mouth, I peered down.
Below, I recognized one of Bazalgette famous sewers, complete with egg shaped cross section and sturdy English bond brick lining.
It was over a meter across at its widest point and a quarter filled with surprisingly watery looking water, considering what it smelled like.
Tell me they did not take their food through that, I said.
Definitely an FSA violation, said Kumar.
We do not want to go down there.
I am not qualified for the sewers.
I thought you went caving in wild out of the way places, I said.
Caves that no man had caved before.
And none of them were as dangerous as the London sewer system, he said.
Or as smelly.
I examined the hatch.
It looked cast iron and late Victorian.
It also had the same ceramic camouflage as the door in the cut fused into its underside.
This is obviously designed to be closed.
I swung the hatch back and forth a couple of times to demonstrate that it was not rusted open or anything.
Somebody left it open, probably because they were in a hurry, and I think we have got to check it out.
You know, I have heard rumors about you, said Kumar.
Are any of them true.
Understatements, said Kumar.
But I was not going to give him the satisfaction of me asking what the rumors were.
We drop down and have a quick look, and if we do not find anything we come back.
Smelling of roses, said Kumar.
My dad says that the Russians have a saying, A man can get used to hanging if he hangs long enough.
Unfortunately, what is true of hanging is not true of the smell of the London sewers, which are truly indescribable.
Let is just say it is the sort of smell that follows you home, hangs around outside your door, and tries to hack into your voice mail.
Kumar and I ended up stuffing tissue paper up our nostrils, but agreed that if we had to come down again more drastic action would be justified like amputation.
Since it was my idea, I got to go first.
The let is call it water was freezing and knee deep so that it cascaded over the top of my wellies.
Later I learned from a flusher them that make their living maintaining the sewers that only an idiot climbs into the sewers wearing anything other than waist high waders.
In my defense there were plenty of other idiots underground that night.
The ceiling was just high enough that I could wade upright, although the top of my helmet scraped the brickwork.
I pushed upstream against the surprisingly strong current and Kumar splashed behind me.
Oh God, he said.
Yeah I know, I said.
Water cold.
That is because it is snowmelt, said Kumar.
That is why we are wearing wet suits.
I heard a splash from up ahead and pointed my helmet light in that direction.
There somebody ahead, I said.
Kill your light, said Kumar.
So I did and he followed suit.
It went completely black.
I became aware of the sullen wash of the filthy water against my knees, of random sloshing sounds and a really disgusting slurping noise from somewhere behind us.
I think they heard us, I whispered.
Or there nobody there, Kumar whispered back.
We waited while the cold seeped into our legs.
I am not claustrophobic.
It is just that my imagination will not let me forget how much the stuff above my head weighs.
And if I start thinking about my breathing I start thinking about how it does not seem to be bringing in enough oxygen.
There was a splash up ahead.
The distance was difficult to judge, but I thought less than ten meters.
I surged forward as fast as I could against the current and fumbled to turn my helmet light back on.
When it came on I was rewarded with a flash of green and tan ahead of me.
Despite the up and down of the light, I realized that I was looking at somebody back and shoulders as they tried to wade ahead of us.
They were wearing a woodland camouflage patterned blouse, what looked like a skateboarding helmet, and, unlike me, they were short enough to be submerged above their thighs.
Stop.
I yelled.
Police.
I hoped they would, because I was getting knackered.
Our fugitive tried to pick up their pace, but my height gave me the advantage.
Stop, I yelled, or I will do something unpleasant.
I thought about where we were for a moment.
Even more unpleasant than what we are doing now.
The figure stopped, the shoulders slumped and then started to shake with laughter and I suddenly knew who it was.
Agent Reynolds turned to face us, her pale face caught in the bobbing circles of our helmet lights.
Hi, Peter, she said.
What are you doing down here.
CHAPTER Ladbroke Grove WEVE GOT to go now, said Agent Reynolds.
I am right behind them.
There are some questions you have to ask even when you do not want to.
Right behind who.
There somebody down here, she said.
And it is not you, me, or some guy from water and power.
How do you know.
asked Kumar.
And who are you.
Because he moving about without using a flashlight, she said.
And I am Special Agent Kimberley Reynolds, FBI.
Kumar extended a hand over my shoulder, which Reynolds shook.
I have never met an FBI agent before, he said.
Who are you chasing.
She does not know, I said.
If we do not follow now we are going to lose him, said Reynolds.
Whoever it is.
So we chased because he was, allegedly, running away, and that is just the way the police roll even when they are special agents.
I made it clear that post chase there were going to be some explanations.
Like what brought you down here in the first place, I said.
Later, said Reynolds through gritted teeth as she splashed ahead.
I say chase, but there a limit to how fast you can go when you are knee deep in icy water, not to mention how bloody knackering it is.
After watching Reynolds flounder in front we persuaded her to follow behind and grab hold of my belt so I could half pull her along.
We were too breathless to talk, and by the time we reached a dogleg a couple of hundred meters farther up I had to call a breather.
Fuck it, I said.
We are not going to catch him.
Reynolds screwed up her face but was too winded to argue.
Where the sewer turned through a dogleg its builders had briefly doubled its width.
Halfway up the walls a number of moist brick apertures periodically gushed fluid around our feet.
Underneath one in particular there was a heap of vile yellowish white stuff.
Please tell me that is not what I think it is, said Reynolds weakly.
What do you think it is.
I asked.
I think it is cooking fat, she said.
That is what it is, I said.
You are in the famous fat caves of London a major tourist attraction.
Smells a bit like a kebab shop, do not it.
Since we have lost the FBI most wanted, said Kumar, do we go forward or back.
Are you sure you saw someone.
I asked Reynolds.
I am positive, she said.
Let is at least see where this goes, I said.
Because I do not want to have to come back down here later.
Amen to that, said Reynolds.
We pushed on, literally, up the sewer pipe, which got gradually narrower until I was walking hunched over.
I also started to suspect that the water level was rising although it was hard to tell, what with the changes in pipe size.
To be honest, I think we kept going out of misplaced machismo, but by the time we reached the junction we were ready for any excuse.
One branch carried on straight ahead while a second branch curved off to the right, both equally narrow, cramped, and full of shit.
And like the last temptation of Peter Grant there was, on the left, a slot in the wall less than a meter wide that contained stairs going up.
Much as I love standing knee deep in shit, said Kumar, it would be a really bad idea to hang around here much longer.
Why that.
I asked.
The water level rising, he said.
In fact, as the senior officer here I think I am going to insist.
He stared at us, obviously expecting one of us to object.
You had us at the water level rising, I said.
We squeezed up the narrow staircase into a rectangular landing where a ladder, which I noted was much more modern than the Victorian wall it was attached to, led two meters up to what was presumably the underside of a manhole.
Listen, said Reynolds.
Can you hear that.
There was a drumming sound from the manhole.
Rain, I thought, heavy rain.
And also the sound of rushing water, faint but distinct, coming from the opposite corner of the landing.
I turned my head, and my helmet light illuminated a shadowy rectangle in the floor, which appeared to be the top of a vertical shaft.
Kumar took hold of the ladder.
Let is hope it is not welded shut, he said.
I stepped over to the hole in the floor and looked down.
Less than a meter below, a young man was staring up at me.
He was hanging from a ladder that led down into the darkness of the shaft.
He must have been frozen there, hoping we would not look down.
I did not get more than a glimpse in my helmet light, of a pale face with big eyes framed by a black hoodie, before he let go of the ladder and fell.
No, not fell.
Slid down the shaft, hands and feet jammed against either side to slow his descent.
As he slid down, I heard a noise like a room full of whispered conversations and a burst of imaginary heat as if Id stepped out into hot sun.
Oi, I yelled, and went down the ladder.
I had to.
What Id felt was vestigia, and what the guy had done, slowing himself down without friction burning his hands off, had been magic.
I heard Kumar call my name.
He down here.
I shouted, trying to skip rungs and then jumping the last meter.
The impact of my landing drove the accumulated water in my wellies up into my groin fortunately it was warm.
Seeing movement at the far end of another short narrow corridor, I followed.
The air was full of the sound of rushing water.
Common sense made me skid to a halt at the end, in case the guy was waiting around the corner with a weapon.
The corridor opened into a barrel vaulted tunnel.
To the right, water cascaded down a weir, and to the left I saw him, bent under the low ceiling, water up to his hips wading away as fast as he could.
I jumped into the water after him and the current swept my legs out from under me and landed me on my back.
What can only be described as highly diluted poo washed over my face, and I shoved myself back up fast enough to crack my head on the ceiling.
If I had not been wearing a helmet I probably would have killed myself.
I staggered forward, vaguely aware of splashing behind me, which I hoped was Kumar or Reynolds.
Ahead, the man in the black hoodie was making for what looked like another intersection.
He glanced back, caught sight of me, suddenly turned and raised his right hand.
There was a flash, a painfully sharp retort, and something zipped past my ear.
The big difference between green and experienced soldiers is that until you have actually been shot at once or twice, your brain has trouble working out what is going on.
You hesitate, often for only a moment, but it is the moment that counts.
I was green as snot, but fortunately Special Agent Reynolds was not.
A hand grabbed the back of my coveralls and yanked me off my feet.
At the same time there was a bright flash just to my right and a bang so loud it was like being slapped in the ear with a telephone directory.
I went back down shouting.
There were three more flashes, three more bangs, mercifully muffled by the water this time.
I came back up spluttering and froze.
Reynolds was kneeling beside me, shoulders square, holding a black semiautomatic pistol in a professional two handed grip aimed up the sewer.
Kumar was crouched down behind me, his hand on my shoulder in an effort to restrain me from leaping up and making a target of myself.
What the fuck are you doing.
I asked Reynolds.
Returning fire, she said calmly.
Her pistol had one of the little back torches slung under the barrel, and I followed its beam to the intersection eight or so meters ahead.
I remembered the first flash and bang.
Did you hit anyone.
I asked.
Ca not tell, she said.
Do you know how much trouble you are going to be in if you have shot someone.
I asked.
You are welcome, she said.
We can not stay here, said Kumar.
Forward or back.
If the special agent here hit someone, we can not leave them there to bleed out, I said.
So, forward.
There was a conspicuous lack of agreement from Kumar and Reynolds.
But only as far as the intersection, I added.
Am I allowed to return fire.
asked Reynolds.
Only if you give a warning first, I said.
What is she going to say.
asked Kumar.
Halt, totally unauthorized armed foreign national, drop your weapons and put your hands in the air.
Just shout, Freeze, FBI, I said.
With a bit of luck it will confuse him.
Nobody moved.
I will go first, I said.
I am not totally mad.
For one thing, the only reason I could think that our mysterious hoodie would stick around was if hed been shot.
And for another, I took a deep breath and mentally ran through aer congolare just to be on the safe side.
It was still a very cautious advance with me in front, I might add.
The small sewer we were clambering along met a much bigger sewer at a diagonal.
Judging from the yellow brown brickwork and its relatively fresh fragrance, I guessed it was a later addition and probably a floodwater relief sewer, which, judging by the water rushing through it, was admirably doing what it was supposed to do.
Clear, said Reynolds and did a second just to be on the safe side.
Upstream, the relief sewer was dead straight, vanishing off into infinity.
Downstream, it turned sharply into a step weir that dropped over three meters.
I think he went that way, said Reynolds, pointing to where the water boiled white at the bottom of the weir.
Either you missed him, I said, or he was wounded and swept away.
There an access ladder here, said Kumar hopefully.
It was mounted in a recess just short of the weir.
We are not going to find him tonight, I said.
We might as well go home.
I looked at Reynolds.
And you are coming with us for a chat about why you were down here.
I am going back to my hotel, she said.
It is us or Kittredge, I told her.
It is all the same to me, she said.
Children, said Kumar.
We are leaving.
He put his foot on the ladder for emphasis.
Can you promise me hot towels.
asked Reynolds.
As many as you can eat, I said.
Okay, she said, and then looked past my shoulder.
I saw her react and the thought form on her face long before she got her mouth open to yell Behind you.
I lurched around as fast as the water would let me, my mind grasping for the formae, and got the shield up just in time.
The Sten gun is one of those iconic bits of British design, like the Mini or the tube map, that has come to represent an era.
It is a submachine gun of very distinctive configuration, with its side mounted magazine and tubular stock.
Designed at the start of World War Two to be cheap and cheerful, providing your definition of cheerful was lots of pistol caliber bullets going in the general direction of the enemy.
As Nightingale explained to me when we found a couple of rusted examples in the armory, from the individual infantryman point of view there really is no such thing as too much personal firepower.
The guy had popped up from nowhere in the small pipe, kneeling to fire in the same way Reynolds had.
My gaze was so fixated on the gun that all I registered was the same pale face, big eyes, and look of terrified determination.
The Sten had a thirty two round magazine, and early models fired only on full auto.
But the action was crude, which meant it was not particularly accurate which is probably what saved my life.
The flash blinded me, the noise deafened me, and then a sledgehammer smashed into my chest, once, twice, and a third time.
I staggered back trying to keep my mind focused only on the spell while another part of my mind was yelling that I was dead.
Then the lights went out and I went over backward and down the weir.
I tumbled, cracking elbow, hip, and thigh against the weir steps, and then I was dragged facedown along the rough bricks of the sewer floor.
I pushed myself up and broke the surface, gasping for breath.
I tried to stand against the current but I just made it to my feet when something human sized smacked into me and sent us both underwater.
An arm grabbed me under the armpit and hauled me up in the classic lifesaving position I heard an annoyed grunt in my ear.
Reynolds.
I gasped.
Quiet, she hissed.
She was right.
Mr.
Sten Gun could still be standing at the top of the weir, or might even have come down it it is not like I would have heard him.
Reynolds was letting us both float back with the current, to put distance between us and the gunman.
I do not think he following us, said Kumar right beside my ear.
Jesus Christ, I said, managing to keep it to an outraged hiss.
I am not the one coming back from the dead, he said.
Can we please not blaspheme, said Reynolds.
I remembered the blows to my chest.
The vest caught it, I said.
Kumar grunted in surprise the stab vest is supposed to be stab and bullet resistant but I do not think any officer I know ever believed it.
I reckon we are clear enough for you to use your flashlight, Sergeant, said Reynolds.
Love to, said Kumar.
But it is dead.
Yours is dead as well.
asked Reynolds.
What are the odds of that.
What about yours, Peter.
I did not need to check.
I asked Kumar if he had any glow sticks.
Just the one, he said, and cracked it, careful to mask the yellow light with his body.
You can let go of me, I told Reynolds.
I can stand on my own two feet.
She let me up, my feet skidded on the floor and I had to lean at a forty five degree angle just to avoid being swept away.
The water was up to my waist.
According to Kumar it was probably a combination of snowmelt and unusually heavy rain in the North London catchment area.
How long have we got.
I asked.
Cave systems can fill up very quickly, he said, and this is a system that is been purposely designed to fill up as fast as possible.
I do not think it is a good idea for us to stay down here, I said.
You think.
said Reynolds.
We decided that, mad gunman notwithstanding, we probably could not push our way upstream even if we wanted to.
There will be street access farther down, said Kumar.
We should let the current wash us along until we reach one.
I looked at Reynolds, who shrugged.
Let is do it, she said.
So she got behind me and grabbed my shoulders, Kumar got behind her and grabbed hers, and on the count of three we all lifted our feet and let the current sweep us down the sewer pipe.
The water was above the halfway point and running faster than a mountain stream.
In case you are wondering, I have kayaked down a mountain stream it was a school trip and I spent a lot of time underwater.
As the guy at the front, I was doing that again now only the water was not as clean.
In the absolute black, Kumar glow stick did not do much more than texture the darkness and add to the sensation that we were hurtling out of control.
Oh great.
I screamed.
Now we are a bobsled team.
It is the luge.
yelled Kumar.
It is only a bobsled if you have got a bobsled.
You two are insane.
shouted Reynolds.
There no such thing as a triple luge.
Between duckings I glimpsed a patch of gray.
I opened my mouth to yell Daylight and then wished I had not when I got a mouthful of diluted sewage.
It was another intersection.
I saw an alcove with a ladder and lunged only to be swept past with my fingers centimeters from the metal.
My foot hit something underwater hard enough to pitch me over, and the world first ever Anglo American Olympic sewer luge team broke up.
I slammed into another thing that was at least vertical and made of metal, and then something else caught hold of my ankle.
Are you holding onto me.
I shouted.
Yes, gasped Reynolds.
And Kumar holding onto me.
Good, I said.
Because I think I have found a ladder.
CHAPTER Holland Park THE THING about absolute darkness is that you end up doing things very carefully, especially after the first time you nearly brain yourself on a concrete crossbeam.
So when I reached the top of the ladder I felt around slowly I had come up through another floor hatch, I thought.
There were no lights visible in any direction.
I made a werelight, which revealed a rectangular concrete room with a high ceiling and a shadowy doorway at the far end.
I can see a light, said Reynolds from below.
Just a moment, I said.
I fixed the werelight to the ceiling with scindare, in the hope that Reynolds would mistake it for a light fixture, and climbed out of the hatchway and onto the gritty cement floor, freeing it up for her.
About time, said Reynolds.
I reached down to help her up.
She was shivering and her hands were freezing.
She crawled clear of the hatchway and flopped over onto her back, breathing heavily.
Kumar followed her up, staggered a few steps and sat down heavily.
A light, said Reynolds, staring at the ceiling.
Thank God.
We could still hear the water rushing away below us.
I gingerly undid my coveralls and felt my chest.
The stab vest was still intact but there were three holes in the nylon covering.
They were ragged with blackened edges like cigarette burns.
Something dropped from my chest and pinged off the cement floor.
I picked it up it was a pistol caliber bullet.
That is odd, said Reynolds, whod sat up to take a look.
She held out her hand and I dropped the bullet into it so she could examine it more closely.
Nine millimeter.
It is barely deformed at all.
Are you sure this hit you.
I winced as I felt the bruises under the vest.
Pretty certain, I said.
This one must have gone through the water first, she said.
I found it remarkably easy not to tell her that it was more likely that the bullet had been slowed by the magical force field Id conjured up.
I do not know what happened to the lamps, said Kumar.
Hed detached his helmet lamp from its bracket and was prizing off its back.
Maybe they are not as waterproof as we thought they were, I said.
Kumar frowned down at the lamp, but LEDs, like most solid state technology, look the same whether they are broken or not.
Never happened before, he said, and gave me a suspicious look.
I looked away and noticed that Reynolds was still shivering.
Are you cold.
I asked.
I am freezing, she said.
Why are not you.
I explained that we were wearing wet suits.
They did not have those at the embassy thrift store, she said.
I had to make do with Marine hand me downs.
Id like to have asked what brought her into the sewers in the first place, but her face had gone very pale.
I am not privy to the media policy directives of the Metropolitan Police, but I suspected that from a public relations standpoint a dead FBI agent would be way more embarrassing than a live one.
We need to find somewhere for you to dry off, I said.
Where your backup.
My what.
she asked.
You are an American, I said.
You guys always have backup.
Times are hard, she said.
And resources are limited.
But she looked away when she said it.
Ah, I thought.
She playing that movie the one where the pen pushers block the hero from getting involved and she goes rogue to solve the mystery herself.
Does the embassy know you are down here.
I asked.
Never mind me, she said.
Where your backup.
Never mind backup, said Kumar.
Where are we.
We are still in the sewers, I said.
We just need to find a way out.
What are our options.
asked Reynolds.
Well, we have hole number one, said Kumar.
The ever popular floodwater relief sewer.
Or we have a dark and mysterious doorway.
He struggled to his feet and went over to peer inside.
I vote for the doorway, said Reynolds.
Unless it goes back to the sewers too.
I doubt it, said Kumar.
I am not an architectural prodigy like Peter here but I am pretty certain this is part of the Underground.
I looked around.
Kumar was right, the room had the cement and concrete squatness that I associated with the mid twentieth century sections of the Underground.
The late Victorians went for brick, and the modern tube stations are all brushed concrete surfaces and durable plastic cladding.
Kumar stepped through the doorway.
It is a stairwell going down, he said.
But it is going to be a bugger to navigate without lights.
I have got an emergency light, I said, getting up.
I nudged Reynolds with my foot.
On your feet, Marine, I said.
Ha ha, said Reynolds, but she dragged herself up.
Kumar stood aside as I stepped into the doorway and, keeping my back to Reynolds, made myself another werelight.
It revealed a spiral staircase with wooden banisters and a metal core.
Definitely London Underground, I thought.
See, said Kumar.
It used to go up but it is blocked off.
Crudely bricked up with breeze blocks, in fact.
Could we break through.
I asked.
Even if we had the tools, said Kumar, we do not know if the top of the shaft is still open.
They often just plug them up when an old station site is redeveloped.
Down it is, then, I said.
How are you doing that.
asked Reynolds, suddenly behind me.
Doing what.
I said as I started down the steps, increasing my pace.
That light, said Reynolds.
How are you doing the light.
Yes, said Kumar.
How are you doing that.
It is just a plasma ball, I said.
It is just a toy.
She turned and walked back into the room.
She was checking the werelight on the ceiling to see if it looked the same.
Why could not I have got a stupid FBI agent.
I asked myself.
Or, if not stupid, then at least someone stolid and law abiding but then, Reynolds would not even have been down there.
I proceeded down the stairs in the hope of forestalling any explanations.
I am not sure I like the fact that we are going down, said Kumar.
At least we are out of the sewers, I said.
Have you smelled yourself.
he said.
We are taking the sewers wherever we go.
Look on the bright side, I said.
Who going to complain.
Useful toy, said Reynolds.
Does it come with batteries.
That reminds me, I lied.
What made you come underground in the first place.
If I recall correctly, said Kumar, looking at her, you owe us an explanation.
His mom showed me his emails before I flew over, she said.
He talks about being involved in London underground art scene, literally underground, he says in one.
That is it.
I asked.
For that you climbed into the sewers.
Do not be ridiculous, she said.
There was the forensic work you people did on his boots.
That showed hed been walking in the sewers.
It is a big system, said Kumar.
That it is, said Reynolds, obviously enjoying herself now.
But I did a survey of the manhole covers in the vicinity of the victim house, and what do you know, one of them was much looser than the others.
Had fresh marks around the edge I suspect from where someone had used a pry bar on it.
You were looking to break Zachary alibi, were not you.
I said.
See if he sneaked past the cameras using the sewers.
Among other things, said Reynolds.
How far down do you think this is going to go.
If it descends to the same level as the Central Line, said Kumar, it could be as deep as thirty meters.
That is a hundred feet, I said.
This may come as a surprise to Constable Grant, but I am conversant with the metric system, said Reynolds.
Can you hear that.
asked Kumar.
We stopped and listened.
Just on the cusp of hearing I detected a rhythmic pounding, more a vibration in the concrete than a sound.
Drums, I said, and then because I could not resist it, Drums in the deep.
Drum and Bass in the deep, said Kumar.
Someone having a party, I said.
In that case, said Reynolds, I am so glad I dressed for it.
The base of the stairway would have been familiar to anyone who ever had to schlep down the stairs at Hampstead, or any other deep level tube station.
At the bottom was a gray painted steel blast door that much to our relief creaked open when me and Kumar put our shoulders to it.
We stepped into what I at first thought was an empty tube tunnel, but that I realized a moment later was too big for that twice the diameter, about the same as a standard platform tunnel.
The concrete forms lining the walls were free of the usual tile cladding, but there was a flat cement floor that was shiny.
I know where we are, said Kumar.
This is the deep level air raid shelter at Holland Park.
How do you know that.
I asked.
Because it is a deep level shelter and the nearest one is Holland Park, he said.
Back at the start of World War Two the authorities forbade the use of the Underground as an air raid shelter.
Instead Londoners were supposed to rely on hastily built neighborhood shelters or on the famous Anderson shelters, which were basically rabbit hutches made from corrugated iron with some earth shoveled on top.
Londoners being Londoners, the prohibition on using the Underground lasted right up until the first air raid warning, at which point the poorly educated but far from stupid populace of the capital did a quick back of the envelope comparison between the stopping power of ten meters of earth and concrete and a few centimeters of compost, and moved underground en masse.
The authorities were appalled.
They tried exhortation, persuasion, and the outright use of force, but the Londoners would not budge.
In fact, they started to organize their own bedding and refreshment services.
And thus in a cloud of official disapproval the Blitz spirit was born.
A couple of thousand preventable deaths later, the government authorized the construction of new purpose built deep level shelters constructed, according to Kumar, using the same techniques and machines as the tube system itself.
I knew all about the shelters at Belsize Park and Tottenham Court Road it is not like you can miss the huge fortified concrete pillboxes that marked the ventilation shafts but Id never heard of one at Holland Park.
There used to be a top secret government agency down here, said Kumar.
Only I heard they got relocated to Scotland.
The opposite end of the tunnel was far enough away to be in shadow.
I was tempted to brighten my werelight, but I was getting worried about the amount of magic Id been using.
Dr.
Walid guidelines, endorsed by Nightingale, were to refrain from doing more than an hour of continuous magic if I wanted to avoid what he called thaumatological necrosis, and me and Lesley called cauliflower brain syndrome.
They did a good job stripping this place, I said.
It was completely empty.
I could even see where light fittings had been prized out of the concrete walls.
The bass rumble was louder, but it was hard to tell where it was coming from.
This is the intersection, said Kumar.
You could see the circular outline where a tunnel of similar size to ours had formed a crossroad and then was walled off with concrete and cement.
There were four doors on each side, two at our ground level and two halfway up the wall servicing a floor level that had either been stripped out or never installed.
The doors were of normal size but made of steel, with no obvious handles on our side.
Left or right.
asked Reynolds.
I put my ear against the cold metal of the nearest door the bass rumble was loud enough for me to identify the track.
Stalingrad Tank Trap, I said.
By Various Artiz.
I like a bit of drum and bass to dance to, but Various Artiz were notorious for cranking out one identikit track after another they were as close to mainstream as you could get on the club circuit without turning up on the BBC Golden Oldies playlist.
Do not look at me, said Kumar to Reynolds.
It was all jungle when I was younger.
It sounds like they are speaking English, muttered Reynolds.
And yet I knocked on the door and hurt my knuckles.
Well, that will work, said Reynolds.
She was jiggling up and down to keep warm.
I took off my helmet and banged on the door with that.
We are going to have to strip you off, said Kumar.
You are kidding me, said Reynolds.
We need to at least wring out your clothes, said Kumar.
I banged a couple more times while Reynolds expressed her disquiet about disrobing in a public place.
I can, when I have to, burn through something like a bike chain or a padlock.
Nightingale, according to his war stories, can punch a hole in ten centimeters of hardened steel.
But he had not taught me how to do that yet.
I examined the hinges on the door and wondered if theyd prove a suitable weak point.
I decided to do it quickly in the hope that Reynolds was too distracted to notice.
I quickly ran through the formae a couple of times to line them up lux aestus scindare.
My mastery of aestus, which intensifies lux, was not brilliant, but I really wanted out of the Underground.
Are you praying.
asked Reynolds.
I realized Id been muttering the formae under my breath, number six on Nightingale list of my bad habits.
I think he going to do a magic spell, said Kumar.
Making a note to have a word with Kumar later, I gritted my teeth as Agent Reynolds asked exactly what he meant by magic spell.
Oh well, it is not like she was not about to get a demonstration.
I took a breath and silently readied the formae.
Then the door opened and a white boy stuck his head out and asked if we were from Thames Water.
Thank God for that, I thought.
The instrument of the Lord was topless.
He had a DayGlo orange sweatshirt wrapped around his waist, half covering baggy electric blue shorts, a whistle hung on a string around his neck, and sandy hair slicked down to his forehead with sweat.
Despite some muscle, he still had his puppy fat.
I figured he was in his mid teens.
Automatically I checked out the bottle in his hand for alcohol, but it was just water.
A gust of warm damp air rolled out from behind him, and with it the thumping backbeat of Various Artiz seeking to prove that you really can dance until your brains dribble out your ears.
I considered showing him my warrant card but did not want to risk him closing the door in our faces.
We are here about the plumbing, I said.
Okay, he said, and we trooped inside.
It was another double width tunnel, but this one had been converted into a club, complete with a professional level light gantry over the dance floor and a bar that ran down one wall.
We were far enough from the sound system to hold a conversation, which is why our shirtless friend had heard us banging on the door.
We squelched our way through a dim area given over to sofas, chairs, and snogging couples, and moved toward the dance floor, which was heaving with clubbers, mostly white, dancing mostly in time to the music.
There was a lot of furry leg warmers, Lycra shorts, and halter tops fluorescing in the UV light.
But for all the bare belly buttons and spray on hot pants, I was getting a definite high school dance vibe from the crowd.
Probably because none of them seemed old enough to vote.
Somebody parents are away for the weekend, said Reynolds.
I feel overdressed.
The crowd quickly parted as the clubbers realized we were not the cabaret act.
Maybe you can find a change of clothes here, said Kumar.
I do not think they have got anything in my size, said Agent Reynolds primly.
Three people covered in sewage will have a dampening effect on even the most ardent clubber, and it was not long before a ripple passed through the crowd and two young women stalked through the dancers toward us.
They were not identical twins but were definitely sisters.
Tall and slender, dark skinned, narrow faced, flat nosed, and with sly black eyes that pinked up at the corners.
I could just about tell them apart.
Olympia was a tad taller and broader of shoulder, with her hair currently in a weave that cascaded expensively around her shoulders.
Chelsea had a long neck, a narrower mouth than her sister, and was sporting what I judged to be about thirty six man hours worth of twisted hair extensions.
They were wearing identical hot pink knit minidresses that I knew their mother would not have approved of I kept my eyes on their faces.
You better have a really good reason for this, said Olympia, folding her arms.
Agent Reynolds, Sergeant Kumar, let me introduce the goddesses of Counter Creek and the River Westbourne, I said, and bowed for good measure.
The girls shot me a poisonous look but I figured they owed me for that time they left me to sink or swim in the Thames.
You know we are Olympia and Chelsea, said Chelsea.
Although, Olympia said to Kumar and Reynolds, we are goddesses and expected to be treated as such.
I could arrest you if you like, I said.
I mean, is there actually anyone down here who old enough to purchase alcohol.
Olympia pursed her lips.
Well, Lindsey boyfriend, Steve, is eighteen, she said.
Does that help.
To be honest I was too knackered to banter.
I checked whether theyd seen strange white guys in hoodies prowling around the tunnels, but the sisters said they had not.
So I asked if they had somewhere we could wash up, and a working landline.
Chelsea laughed.
Landline, she said.
We have Wi Fi down here.
They also had a full on locker room and shower that was last fitted out, judging by the brass taps and stainless steel fittings, sometime in the s.
I guessed it was a leftover from Kumar secret government agency.
The girls even managed to dig out a sweatshirt and tracksuit bottoms for Reynolds, who glared at me and Kumar until we remembered our manners and left.
We found ourselves waiting in a storeroom filled with bottled water and catering boxes of fun sized chocolate bars.
We washed our faces with the water and had an argument about Mars bars versus Milky Way and then more water after the taste test.
When I judged that Kumar was all sugared up I asked him the difficult question.
Is it a total coincidence that you were assigned to this case.
Meaning what.
he asked.
I magic up some lights and introduce you to a pair of river goddesses Teenage river goddesses, said Kumar.
And it is not like either of them have done anything particularly religious.
What about the lights.
I asked.
Was that magic.
I hesitated.
Yes, I said.
Really magic.
Yes.
Fuck me.
Now you are reacting.
Well I did not want to embarrass myself in front of the American, said Kumar.
So you are not from the BTP version of the Folly.
I asked.
Kumar laughed and said that British Transport Police had plenty of other demands on its budget.
But there is a certain amount of weird shit that goes on down here, he said, and people got into the habit of asking me to keep track of it.
Why was that.
Watched too much X Files growing up, he said.
Also I am a bit of an urban explorer.
So, not your first time in the sewers, I said.
Urban explorers liked to climb into secret and abandoned nooks and crannies.
That a lot of this involved illegal trespass merely added to the attraction.
It is the first time I ever went surfing in one, he said.
I come from a family of engineers so I like poking my nose in and seeing how things work.
I kept volunteering to do the weird stuff and in the end it became semiofficial.
And thus another arrangement was born.
If you ever meet Lady Ty, I said, do not tell her.
That sort of things drives her berserk.
Speaking of X Files, said Kumar, gesturing back toward the locker room.
Do you think Agent Reynolds.
I shrugged.
What do I know.
I said.
I was thinking of making it my family motto.
Maybe we should ask her, said Kumar.
And destroy the mystique.
I said.
Kumar wanted to know how magic worked but I told him I was supposed to keep it secret.
I am already in a ton of shit for opening my mouth.
Despite that, he asked whether it was element based fire, water, air, and earth.
I said I did not think so.
So no Earthbenders kicking rocks around, he said.
Nope, I said.
Or Airbenders, or Waterbenders, or He Man, or Captain Planet.
Or any other character from a kid cartoons.
At least I hope not.
What kind of stuff do you get down in the tunnels.
Lots of ghost reports, said Kumar, and started digging through the catering boxes.
Not as many as we get from overground tracks.
I thought of Abigail deceased tagger.
Anything else like the guy with the machine gun.
I asked.
There are always rumors that there people living in the Underground, he said.
Think it is likely.
I asked.
Kumar gave a happy grunt and emerged from the box with a multipack of cheese and onion crisps.
I would not have said so, he said.
The sewers are toxic.
It is not just the risk of infection or disease Or drowning, I said.
Or drowning, said Kumar.
You get gas buildups, methane mostly but other stuff as well.
Not very conducive to human habitation.
I thought of the big eyes set in a pale face.
Too pale perhaps.
What if he was not entirely human.
I asked.
Kumar gave me a disgusted look.
I thought I was used to investigating weird shit, he said.
I really had no idea, did I.
No idea about what.
asked Reynolds from the doorway.
Shower all yours by the way.
We showered and then stripped, which is how you do it when you are covered in sewage.
I had a row of spectacular bruises across my chest that I knew were going to come up good and purple in the next twenty four hours.
Kumar showed me how to wring out coveralls and then we put our still damp clothes and kit back on including the stab vest.
Especially the stab vest.
Me and Kumar agreed that Id talk to the sisters while he checked in with his boss, my boss, my other boss, Seawoll, and finally Lesley.
This is why nobody likes joint operations.
Smelling only moderately bad, we went into the storeroom to discover that Reynolds had gone exploring.
We found her back in the club talking to Olympia and Chelsea.
As we walked over she returned Olympia chunky black mobile phone, the kind favored by people who might have to spend a certain amount of time underwater.
Reynolds had obviously taken advantage of our shower to make contact with the surface world.
I wondered who shed called.
Somebody at the embassy, or perhaps the senator.
Was it possible shed lied about not having any backup.
I checked my watch and found it was six thirty in the morning.
No wonder I was feeling so knackered.
The club looked like it was winding down, drifts of teenagers piling up around the chairs and sofas at the end of the tunnel, while those who were still dancing had that frantic quality you get when you are absolutely determined to wring the last bit of excitement from the night.
I also noticed that the DJ had stopped talking over the tracks, and any DJ tired of the sound of his own voice is tired indeed.
I caught Olympia eye and beckoned the twins over.
They did not even try to look reluctant.
Our FBI agent had piqued their interest and they wanted to know what the gossip was.
Your rivers I said.
Chelsea gave me a dangerous look.
What about our rivers.
she asked.
They run mostly underground, I said.
Right.
We can not all go frolicking through the suburbs, said Chelsea.
Some of us have to work for a living.
Though Ty got plans, said Olympia.
Ty always got plans, said Chelsea.
Youd know if there were people living in the sewers.
I asked.
Not away from our courses, said Olympia.
It is not like we spend that much time in the dirty bits.
Chelsea nodded.
Would you.
Olympia waved her hands vaguely about.
Sometimes I get a kind of itchy feeling, you know like when there a thought in your head and you are not sure it is one of yours.
I think it is more like when your leg twitches, said Chelsea.
Your leg twitches.
asked Olympia.
Since when.
I am not saying it twitches all the time, said Chelsea.
I am saying that sense of involuntary movement.
Have you seen a guy called James Gallagher down here.
I asked.
American, white, early twenties, art student.
Olympia nodded at Reynolds.
Is that what she here for.
Is he important.
asked Chelsea.
Murder victim, I said.
Not the guy they found at Baker Street.
asked Olympia.
I told them it was the very same, which was when I glanced over and saw Zachary Palmer tending bar.
How long has he been working for you.
I asked the sisters.
Who.
asked Olympia and looked over at Zach.
Oh, Goblin Boy.
Is he a goblin.
I asked.
He said he was half fairy.
Same thing, said Chelsea.
Sort of.
I can not keep them straight, said Olympia.
It is all the same to us, said Chelsea.
But he does work for you.
I asked.
Full time.
Do not be silly, said Chelsea.
He the neighborhood odd job guy.
Yeah, said Olympia.
If the job is odd he the goblin for you.
I looked over to find Zach was staring back at me.
I was tempted to go ask him some questions but felt Id been underground long enough.
I can not be bothered to deal with you two now, I said.
But do not think I will not check with your mum.
Oh, we are quaking in our boots, said Olympia.
Relax, magic boy, said Chelsea.
We keep it all strictly contained.
I gave them my sternest look, which bothered them not at all, and went off to join Kumar and Reynolds.
Apparently we had two options a long climb up a set of spiral stairs, or we could go through the now open Holland Park tube station, where at least we could take the lift up as if that was a contest.
We were just heading for the passageway to the station when Zach intercepted me.
What are you doing here.
he asked.
I told Kumar and Reynolds that Id catch up.
We heard the ambience was brilliant, I said.
Yeah, no, look, listen, said Zach.
I thought you might be looking for other tunnels.
No, I said.
I am looking for a change of clothes.
The old post office tunnel goes right past this place, he said.
I heard the whistle the second time.
Given the thump, thump, thump of the bass beat and the fact that Zach was trying to shout over the music, it is amazing I heard it at all.
On the third whistle there was no mistaking the non studio processed nature of the sound, and I looked across the dance floor to see Kumar waving for my attention.
When he had it he pointed at his eyes and then at the far end of the club.
I turned back to Zach, who had a strangely frantic look on his face.
I have got to go, I said.
What about the tunnels.
Later, I said.
I pushed my way through the crowd as quickly as I could, and as soon as I was close Kumar yelled, He here.
No need to ask who.
Where.
I asked.
Going out through the station exit.
Out among the innocent bystanders, I thought.
Could you see if he still had the Sten gun.
I asked.
Kumar had not seen it.
We headed out through the exit into Holland Park station at a walking pace, thank God.
Reynolds had been shadowing him and we found her crouched at the bottom of a flight of stairs trying to get an angle on anyone at the top without being seen.
He just went up, she whispered to us.
I asked if she was sure it was him.
Pale face, big eyes, that weird round shouldered posture, she said.
Definitely him.
I was impressed.
I had not even noticed his posture.
The sisters had said that after the stairs there was a short corridor and then a fire door out into the station proper.
We reckoned hed hear our boots if we ran up behind him.
So we walked up, having a casual conversation in the hope wed sound like weary clubbers.
In the course of the first two flights I learned that Special Agent Kimberley Reynolds was from Enid, Oklahoma, and had gone to university at Stillwater and thence to Quantico.
Sergeant Kumar, whose first name was Jaget, was from Hounslow and had studied engineering at Sussex University but had fallen into policing.
Id have been a terrible engineer, he said.
No patience.
I had a jazz anecdote about my father all ready to go when we very clearly heard the sound of a door slamming shut up ahead at which point we legged it.
It was an ordinary fire door, heavily spring loaded, presumably so Olympia and Chelsea friends could leave without letting the commuter traffic leak back in.
We went through it slowly and quietly and found ourselves in an alcove tucked away near the station lifts.
Our suspect was not among the passengers waiting to go up in the lift, and according to them, theyd been waiting at least a couple of minutes, which was too long for him to have gone up earlier.
Stairs or platforms.
asked Kumar.
He likes to stay underground, I said.
Platforms first.
We caught a break when I spotted him through the grilled windows where the corridor cut across the top of the east bound platform.
We ran as quietly as we could down the next flight of stairs and piled up like cartoon characters at the entrance to the platform.
I was just nerving myself to have a look around the corner when Kumar pointed at the convex mirror at head height opposite.
This was a holdover from the days before CCTV, when station staff and BTP had to scope out stations with the mark one eyeball.
I spotted him, small and oddly shaped in the mirror, at the far end of the platform.
If he still armed, said Kumar, we will never get close.
I felt a puff of air on my face and the rails began to sing.
It was too late a train was coming.
CHAPTER Oxford Circus SERGEANT KUMAR was very clear about one thing you do not do shit when the train is in motion.
Someone pulls the emergency stop between stations, you can lose a passenger to a heart attack there and then, he said.
And you do not want to be evacuating members of the public down a live track trust me on this.
You certainly did not want to be leaping out on a possibly armed suspect in something shaped exactly like a firing range especially if you are going to be the target at the far end.
And the carriages were packed, which took me by surprise, and not with your normal commuters either.
Lots of parents with kids, clusters of chattering teenagers, older people in good coats clutching cloth bags or towing shopping gurneys.
Last full shopping day before Christmas, I remembered.
Kumar was right we really did not want to be kicking off anything we could not contain.
It is a sad fact, but policing would be so much easier if you did not have to worry about members of the public getting under your feet.
Kumar had Agent Reynolds the only one of us who did not look like they were remaking Ghostbusters go ahead and peer through the double set of grimy windows and into the next carriage.
When she signaled all clear, we opened the connecting doors and stepped through.
There no connecting enclosure on a tube train.
You open the door and step across the gap to the next carriage.
For a moment I was caught in a rush of air and darkness.
I swear I heard it then, the whisper, behind the clatter of the wheels and the smell of dust and ozone.
Not that I recognized it for what it was not that I am sure I know what it was even now.
The Central Line runs what is imaginatively called Tube Stock, consisting of eight carriages.
Our suspect was near the front and we were near the back, so it took us twelve minutes and five stops to work our way forward.
As the train pulled into Oxford Circus we had our suspect, unknown to him, bottled up in the front carriage.
So that, of course, is where he chose to get off.
Reynolds spotted him first, signaled back to us, and as he walked past the open doorway where we were standing, we jumped him.
It was as sweet a takedown as anyone could wish for.
I got his left arm, Kumar got his right, I slipped my knee behind his, hooked him, and down he went.
We flipped him over on his face and got his arms behind his back.
He wriggled, as sinuously as a fish.
It was difficult to keep him pinned.
All the while he was completely silent except for a weird hissing sound like a really pissed off cat.
I heard someone in the crowd ask what the fuck was going on.
Police, said Kumar.
Give us some room.
Which one of you has cuffs.
asked Reynolds.
I looked at Kumar and he looked at me.
Shit, said Kumar.
We do not have any, I said.
Wriggling boy subsided under our hands.
Beneath the thin fabric of his hoodie he seemed much skinnier than I expected him to be, but the muscles in his arms were like steel cables.
I can not believe you did not bring handcuffs, said Reynolds.
You did not, I said.
It is not my jurisdiction, said Reynolds.
It is not my jurisdiction, I said.
We both looked at Kumar.
Evidence, he said.
You said we were looking for evidence, not suspects.
Our suspect had started shaking and making snorting noises.
And you can stop laughing, I told him.
This is really unprofessional.
Kumar asked if we could hold him down on our own and I said I thought we could, so he loped off down the platform in search of a Help Point where he could contact the station manager.
I do not think you want to be here when help arrives, I said to Reynolds.
Not while you are tooled up.
She nodded.
It was just as well she had not pulled it out in front of a CCTV camera.
I glanced down the platform to where Kumar was talking into the Help Point and I must have loosened my grip or something because that is when the bastard tried to throw me off.
In my defense, I do not think the normal human arm is supposed to bend that way, certainly not twist up in some weird angle and smash its elbow into my chin.
My head cracked back and I lost my hold on his right arm.
I heard a woman scream and Reynolds yell, Freeze.
A glance told me that, despite everything, shed stepped back and drawn her pistol.
Training, I learned later, specifies that you never let your weapon get close enough to the perp to get snatched.
I was also informed that the biggest fear an American law enforcement officer lives with is the prospect of dying with their weapon still in its holster.
The guy underneath me did not seem impressed.
He reared up and then slapped the ground with the palm of his free hand.
I got a flash of fresh loam and ozone and the cement floor of the platform cratered under his hand with a loud bang.
I actually saw the start of the concussion wave in the dust around the crater and then it knocked me, Reynolds, and half a dozen members of the public sprawling.
We were lucky the train was still in the station or somebody would have gone onto the tracks.
Not me, though, because I still had a grip on one of the fucker arms.
Because that is how I am trained.
I pulled on it hard to try and keep him off balance and drag myself up to my feet.
But he dug his fingers into the ground and twisted.
A crack the width of a finger shot across the platform and up the nearest wall.
Ceramic tiles splintered with a noise like teeth breaking and then the floor lurched and dipped as if a giant had put his foot on one side and pressed down.
The cement cracked open and I felt my stomach jump as the ground I was lying on dropped a good meter.
And me with it.
I saw a dark void under the platform and had just enough time to think fuck me, he an Earthbender before falling into the black.
FOR A long moment I thought I was still unconscious, but the long stripe of pain on my thigh changed my mind.
Once I noticed that pain, all its friends queued up to say hello, including a particularly worrying throbbing patch on the back of my head.
I tried to reach up to touch it with my hand, only to find that I literally did not have enough elbow room to bend my arm.
And that, as they say, is where the claustrophobia really starts.
I did not call for help because I was fairly certain that once I started screaming I probably would not stop for quite a long time.
The ground had opened up and Id fallen into it.
Which meant there might not be too much rubble above me.
I thought it might even be possible to dig myself out, or at the very least make myself some more breathing room.
So I yelled for help, and just as I suspected, it turned into a scream.
Dust fell into my mouth cutting me off.
I spat it out and, weirdly, that calmed me down.
I listened for a while in the hope that all that noise had attracted some attention.
Consciously keeping my breathing slow, I tried to think of everything I knew about being buried alive that might be relevant.
Thrashing around is not helpful, hyperventilation is not your friend, and it is possible to become disorientated in the darkness.
There were documented cases of survivors digging themselves deeper into the ground when they thought they were going up.
There a happy thought.
However, I did have a major advantage over run of the mill victims I could do magic.
I made myself a little werelight, floated it over my stomach, and had a look around.
With a visual reference reestablished, my inner ear informed me that I was lying, feet down, at something like a forty five degree angle so at least I was pointing in the right direction.
Five centimeters in front of my face was a concrete wall, the imprint of the wooden forms it was set into clearly visible on its surface.
The clearance narrowed toward my feet, reaching a bottleneck over my knees.
I gently moved my feet around I had more room there.
Hard up against my left was a wall of what looked like compressed earth, and to my right was a space blocked by a portcullis made of rebar that would have neatly bisected me had it been half a meter closer.
Then, presumably, I could have been pickled, put into a glass case, and displayed at the Tate Modern.
Brit art is loss was my gain, but it did mean I could not wriggle that way.
As far as I could tell, I was currently lying inside a sort of concrete tent with no visible way out.
I extinguished the werelight they burn underwater but I did not know yet whether they burned oxygen, and I decided it was better safe than sorry.
In the renewed darkness I considered my options.
I could try and use impello to dig myself out, but that would always run the risk of collapsing the rubble on top of me.
I had to assume that a rescue attempt would be made.
Even if Reynolds had been a casualty, Kumar was farther down the platform, and he knew I was here.
In fact, there had to be CCTV footage of the whole thing from the feed into the station control room.
I bet it was spectacular and even now probably finding its way to the news company with the biggest checkbook.
Any rescue attempt would involve people clumping around in big boots, yelling at each other, and operating heavy equipment.
Chances were that I would hear them long before they could hear me.
My most sensible course of action would be to lie still and wait for rescue.
It was remarkably quiet.
I could hear my heartbeat and was in danger of starting to think about my breathing again, so I made myself think about something else.
Like who the hell our pale faced hoodie Earthbender was.
Now, you could literally fill two whole libraries, complete with card files, reference sections, and a brass ladder thing that whooshes around on rails with everything I do not know about magic.
But I think, had it been at all common, Nightingale might have mentioned a technique for gouging great big holes in solid cement.
Nightingale aside, the only practitioner that skilled whom Id ever met was the Faceless Man who could catch fireballs, deflect flying chimney stacks, and also, possibly, leap moderately sized buildings in a single bound.
I knew this had not been the Faceless Man himself because the Earthbender body shape and posture were all wrong.
Could he have been an acolyte or a Little Crocodile or possibly one of the Faceless Man chimeras.
Lots of possibilities, not a lot of facts.
The Earthbender had been traveling east, back into the West End, and got off at Oxford Circus, a station less than a kilometer from the original Strip Club of Doctor Moreau.
After closing the club down, Nightingale and I speculated that the Faceless Man new base of operations could not be very far from Soho.
He might be faceless, but his chimeras, his poor little cat girls and tiger boys, were not exactly inconspicuous hard for them to move around unnoticed, and most sightings of them had been in the area.
When I was chasing after the Pale Lady, shed headed for Piccadilly Station as if it was a safe haven.
But they certainly were not getting around on the tube with its ubiquitous CCTV cameras and the ever vigilant Sergeant Kumar.
Now I knew there were other tunnels, secret tunnels and who knew what else, all going who knew where.
Perhaps the Faceless Man knew where.
Perhaps the Earthbender was helping him build more.
A subterranean secret base in the fashion of a James Bond villain.
The Faceless Man had the accent for it, true, but did he have a cat.
I had a flash of him sitting in a swivel chair with a full sized cat girl called Sharon perched on his lap while she was talking to her BFF on her mobile.
And then he like, Do you expect me to talk, and the master all No, I expect you to die.
and he What.
I am just telling Trace about last night.
The thought made me giggle, which was nice you need a bit of humor when you are buried under a ton of rubble.
I reckoned the sly fucker had built his new lair under cover of the Crossrail construction work.
Why not.
The project had been sinking random holes into the ground for years and was not even expected to be completed for at least another five you could have stuck a whole hollowed out volcano adjacent to Tottenham Court Road Station without the public noticing.
But not without the contractors noticing, or Health and Safety for that matter, then I remembered a cool autumn night and coming across the Murder Team closing off a crime scene at the top of Dean Street.
Was that Graham Beale little brother.
A top subcontractor on Crossrail and a tunneling specialist, as their family had been for more than years.
Could he have been done in by the Faceless Man to cover up his new base.
In which case it did not work, did it.
I thought.
Because now I know where to start looking, you freaky faceless phantom you.
I laughed out loud.
It felt good, even if it did cause dust to fall into my mouth.
I tried to spit it out but as I turned my head to the side I started giggling again.
A little warning bell in my head went off and I remembered that euphoria is one of the warning signs of hypoxia.
Along with impaired judgment which might explain what happened next.
I conjured a second werelight and had another look around my concrete coffin.
To maximize my chances of getting some air, I wanted to punch a hole upward, but not so close to me that if I brought the roof down I would be under it.
I chose the top corner on my right on the far side of the rebar portcullis and ran through the impello variations in my head.
Impello, like lux, is what Nightingale calls formae cotidianae, meaning that generations of Newtonian wizards have poked and prodded and experimented and found lots of fun variations they then pass on to their apprentices who pass them on to theirs.
The hardest thing to learn about magic is that it is not about wishful thinking.
You do not make an invisible pneumatic drill by picturing it in your mind.
You do it by shaping the correct variation of impello, lining it up in the right direction, and then essentially turning it on and off as fast as you can.
No doubt there was a fourth order spell, of elegant construction, that would have served.
But I did not know it, and when you are buried under the ground and running out of air, you go with what you have got.
I took a deep breath, which did not satisfy the way it should have, and smacked my drill into the corner.
It made a satisfyingly loud thumping sound.
I did it again, then again, trying to get a rhythm going.
Dust spurted with each impact, falling slowly as a haze in the still air.
I stopped after about twenty strikes to check my progress and realized there was no way of measuring it.
So I started banging away again as dust thickened and my breathing got shorter, and then suddenly there was a thud just behind my right eye and everything went dark.
Sweat broke out on my face and back and I was suddenly terrified that Id done something irreparable.
Had I just pushed myself into a stroke.
Had I gone blind or had my werelight gone out.
In the pitch dark it was impossible to tell.
I did not dare conjure another werelight for fear that Id give myself another stroke if that is what had happened.
I lay still and pulled funny faces in the darkness there did not seem to be anything wrong with either side of my face.
Then I realized I was breathing deeply and the air smelled fresher.
So at least the drill had worked.
I do not know how long I lay there in the darkness, nursing a really bad headache, before I noticed that water was pooling around my boots.
I did a little kick and heard it sloshing around.
Ever since Id started hobnobbing with Goddess of the Thames and her daughters Id started taking a keen interest in the hidden hydrography of London.
So it did not take me long to work out that the nearest river to me was the Tyburn.
But from the lack of smell, I figured that this water was more likely coming from a ruptured water main.
In sixty five people died when a bomb ruptured water and sewer pipes that flooded Balham Tube Station.
I really was not in a hurry to re create that particular historical precedent.
I told myself that my little void was unlikely to fill very quickly and in fact there was no reason for me to think the water level would reach any higher than my ankles.
I found myself just about as convincing as you can imagine, and was considering whether to indulge in a bit more panicked screaming when I heard a noise above me.
It was a vibration in the concrete, sharp percussive sounds of metal on stone.
I opened my mouth to shout but a shower of earth fell from the darkness and I had to turn my head and spit frantically to avoid choking.
Bright sunlight struck me like a blow on the side of my face, fingers dug into my shoulders.
There was swearing and grunting and laughter and I was yanked into the light and dumped on my back.
I flopped around like a fish and flailed my arms around just because I could.
Watch it, he fucking possessed, a man said.
I stopped moving and lay on my side, just getting my breathing under control.
I was on grass, which was a surprise, I could feel it against my cheek and the green smell was tickling my nose.
Birdsong, shockingly loud, came from above me and I could hear a crowd, which was to be expected, and the lowing of cattle which was not.
As my eyes adjusted to the bright light I saw that I was lying on a grassy bank.
About three meters in front of my face was a haze of white dust kicked up by the feet of passersby and a herd of a cattle.
Pint sized cattle, I realized, because their shoulders barely reached the chest of the teenage boy who was driving them with expert flicks from a longhandled whip.
The minicows were followed by a stream of strangely dressed people all carrying sacks over their shoulders or satchels under their arms.
They mostly wore long tunics of russet, green, or brown, with caps and hoods open on their heads, some bare legged, others in tights.
I decided to stop looking at them and concentrated on sitting up instead.
Oxford Circus is fifteen kilometers from the nearest farm.
Had I been moved.
I tried to work some saliva into my mouth somebody had to have something to drink.
And soon.
A couple of meters away a trio of disreputable looking white guys was staring at me.
Two of them were bare chested, wearing nothing but loose linen trousers that were rolled into their belts and barely reached their knees.
Their shoulders were ropey with muscle and sheened with sweat.
One had a couple of nasty red welts striped down his upper arm.
They had dirty white linen caps on their heads and both of them were sporting neatly trimmed beards.
The third man was better dressed.
He wore an emerald tunic, with fine embroidery around the neck and armholes, over a brilliantly white linen undershirt, the sleeves rolled up to his elbows.
The tunic was cinched with a leather belt, an elaborate buckle that supported a classic English arming sword with a cruciform hilt, contrary to Section of the Criminal Justice Act , which prohibits the carrying of blades in a public place.
He had black hair cut into a pageboy, pale skin, and dark blue eyes, and looked familiar.
As if I knew his brother or something.
Has he been burnt.
asked one of the half naked men.
Only by the sun, said the man with the sword.
He a blackamoor.
Is he a Christian.
A better Christian than you, I think, said the man with the sword.
He gestured in a direction behind the men.
Is that not your master.
Should you not be about your work.
The silent member of the pair spat into the ground while his friend jerked his chin in my direction.
It was us who dug him up, he said.
And I am sure he thanks you for it.
The man hand slipped down to rest casually on the hilt of his sword.
The silent one spat once more, clasped his comrade upper arm, and pulled him away.
As I watched them go I saw there was a line of similarly dressed men, perhaps thirty, working with shovels and rakes and other implements of destruction on a ditch by the side of the road.
It looked like a chain gang right down to a large man in beige tights, a russet tunic with sweat stains around the armholes, and a sword at his belt.
The only reason he was not wearing sinister mirrored sunglasses was because they had not been invented yet.
My young friend with the sword followed my gaze.
Thieves, he said.
What did they steal.
I asked.
My birthright, he said.
And they are stealing it still.
Some of the men were lowering hollowed out tree trunks into the ditch, which, once sealed together with pitch, would form a crude pipeline otherwise known as a conduit.
Water, I said, wishing I had some.
Not so burnt by the sun as to be lacking your wits, said the man.
I recognized him then or rather, I saw the resemblance to his father and his brother Ash.
With an effort I clambered to my feet and turned to look along the road in the other direction.
It stretched out, straight and dusty, between big wide fields that had been planted with green stripes of crops.
A continuous stream of people, carts, horses, and livestock trudged toward a hazy orange horizon from which reared the oversized gothic spike of St.
Paul Cathedral.
That was London, this was the Oxford Road, and the young man with the sword was the original Tyburn from back when the stream tumbled down from the Hampstead Hills to quench the thirst of the crowds come to watch the executions.
Now being diverted, by Royal Charter no less, to slake the forty thousand throats of London.
I had not been moved.
Id been dug up eight hundred years too early.
You are Tyburn, I said.
Sir Tyburn, he said, and you are Peter of the Peckwater Estate, apprentice wizard.
Bugger, I said.
This is an hallucination.
And you know this for certain.
I have heard Chaucer read out, I said.
I understood one word in five and there this thing called the great vowel shift which means everyone pronounces everything differently anyway.
Which means I am still stuck in the hole.
And if I started singing David Bowie Golden Years someone would just have to shoot me in the head.
I looked down into the ditch from which Tyburn and his merry band had rescued me.
At the bottom there was a ragged hole a little bigger than a cat flap.
Since you are fixed for certain, and can do nothing for yourself, does it matter where you wait for rescue.
asked Tyburn.
And I seem substantial to myself.
You might be a ghost, I said, studying the ditch and wondering whether I should go in head or feetfirst.
Or a sort of echo in the memory of the city.
I really had to come up with some better terminology for this stuff.
I jumped down into the ditch.
The soil was soft, sticky yellow London clay.
Headfirst would be quicker.
Or we could get a boat to Southwark, said Tyburn.
Hit the stews, get steamed meet some hot girls from Flanders.
Oh come on, he pleaded.
It will be kicking and I have Tyburn trailed off.
You have what.
I have been alone here, he said.
For a long time, I think.
Possibly since you died in the s, I thought, under a tide of shit, or so your father claimed.
Now you are saying things that I have just thought of, I said.
You see why I am suspicious.
This is why magic is worse even than quantum physics.
Because, while both spit in the eye of common sense, I have never yet had a Higgs bosun turn up and try to have a conversation with me.
Did you hear that.
asked Tyburn.
I was going to ask what when I heard it a long wail floating over the landscape from the direction of London.
I shivered.
What is that.
I asked.
The wail came again, wordless, angry, filled with rage and self pity.
You know who that is, said Tyburn.
You put him there, you pinned him to the bridge.
As an experiment I stuck my foot in the hole, which sucked at it with an unpleasantly organic movement.
The wail was fainter the third time, fading into the wind and the noise of the passersby.
Sooner or later you are going to have to set the hook nosed bastard free, said Tyburn.
Not anytime soon, I thought.
I do not want to die in a hole with my eyes closed, I said, and shoved my foot in up to the ankle.
Do not do that, said Tyburn and jumped into the ditch with me.
I know a better way.
Really.
I asked.
What is that, then.
This, he said, and hit me on the side of the head with the pommel of his sword.
I regretted the decision as soon as I opened my eyes to darkness, and the feel of water sloshing around my knees.
It was cold a wet suit will not keep you warm if you do not move about.
I wondered if I had not been a bit hasty.
Was it better to die in the illusion of sunshine and warmth or face death in a cold darkness of reality.
Was it better to die in happy ignorance or terrified knowledge.
The answer, if you are a Londoner, is that it is better not to die at all.
So that is when I came up with the most ridiculous plan since Id decided to take a witness statement from a ghost.
It was a plan so stupid that even Baldrick would have rejected it out of hand.
I was going to reach out and contact Toby the Dog with my mind.
Well not exactly with my mind that would have been unlikely.
Ever since Molly sent me on my little trip down London memory lane it had seemed obvious to me that all the accumulated vestigia that seemed to power the ghosts of the city were somehow connected.
Information was definitely being passed from location to location.
Like a magical Internet.
How else had I seen so much of the city while my physical body remained in the Folly.
I figured that if I could generate a sort of formless forma, enough to put magic into the stone, it might be possible to create a signal a beacon that would propagate through the stone a memory that might be detected by a particularly sensitive dog of my acquaintance.
Who would then bark in an expressive fashion and rush over to Oxford Circus as fast as his little legs would carry him.
There, he would scamper about snuffling amid the debris and a particularly intuitive rescue worker would say, Hold up, I think the mutt may be onto something.
Did I not say it was the most ridiculous plan Id ever thought of.
It had to be Toby because one of the first things Id done, once Lesley became an apprentice, was buy a pack of ESP cards and see if I could use magic to talk mind to mind.
So me, Lesley, and Dr.
Walid spent a fun afternoon re creating various bonkers telepathy experiments from the s and s, with disappointing results.
Even the one experiment where I tried to identify the forma that Lesley was creating did not work properly because while I could sense the shape in the magic, I could not have told you what it was.
And besides, even that much only worked when we were less than a meter apart.
That is what I hate about science negative results.
But Toby had proven to be sensitive to magic.
And Id always thought we shared a special affinity.
And the water was pooling around my ribs and I was getting desperate.
I took a deep breath and created a forma in my mind.
It was like lux, which you use for creating werelights and, with a bit of modification, fireballs, skinny grenades, and a really hot flame thing that I have hopes to use for burning through steel if I could get the heat to go in one direction only.
Like the ESP experiments, I try to avoid telling Nightingale about my little innovations unless I have to explain why one of the labs is on fire.
Lux was perfect because it is known to put a lot of magic into the environment, and what I was going for was cool but noisy.
A dim blue light filled my concrete coffin, which was now half full of water.
Reflections rippled across the ceiling in thin twists of green.
I tried to maintain it as long as I could, but the pain in my head got worse and the forma slipped from my mind.
In my imagination, I began to hear the voices of the dead.
At least I hoped it was my imagination.
A lot of people have died in the Underground, through accidents, stupidity, or suicide.
All the one unders whose dying wish had been to make other people late for work.
I heard all those one unders as distant wordless cries of despair and anger that was cut off with the same sudden bluntness as Macky the luckless graffiti artist.
I am not one of them, I shouted although I think it was only in my head.
And suddenly they were upon me.
All the accumulated casualties, from the train crashes and the fires and the victims of the hideous suicide of the Bradford boy who did not want to work in his father chip shop no more.
A lot of them had gone without warning, but others had time to realize what was happening, and some, the worst of all the cries, had time to build up a head of hope before the darkness swept them up into the stone and concrete memory of the tunnels.
The rising water was a cold band across my chest.
I did not want to die, but the truth is, the choice is not in your hands.
Sometimes the only thing you can do is wait, endure, and hope.
I heard rattling and scraping above me and for a moment thought it might be Sir Tyburn back for another chat, but then I heard the unmistakable and beautiful sound of a pneumatic drill.
I waited for a pause in the drilling and gave panicked screaming one last shot this time with feeling.
Dust filled my mouth.
Then there was light in my eyes, which was suddenly obscured by a big black face.
You all right, mate.
asked the face.
I refocused and caught a flash of yellow helmet and heavy fire resistant jacket.
Are you Peter Grant.
he asked.
I tried to say yes but my throat was clogged with dust.
Want some water.
He did not wait for me to answer.
Instead he gently pushed a plastic drinking straw between my lips.
Just a little bit at first, he said.
I am sorry there no paramedic for this, but things are a little tricky.
Water trickled into my mouth and tasted the way water does when you have been thirsty for hours like life itself.
How long had I been buried.
I tried to ask, but it just made me cough.
I stuck to drinking the beautiful water instead.
I sluiced it around my mouth and pulled my head back the fireman withdrew the straw.
I realized he was lying on the platform floor peering down at me through a hole.
Behind him was a portable floodlight on a tripod, and behind that, visible in the reflected light, was more rubble.
This was confusing me.
I was fairly certain Id only fallen a couple of meters.
It took them at least another hour to dig me out.
It is difficult to describe the serenity of rescue, like a second birth.
Only this time you are secure in the knowledge that you know what you are going to do with your life even if it is just what you were doing before.
They put me on a stretcher, plugged me into a drip, a heart monitor, and gave me a cool breath of oxygen.
It was all good right up to the moment Lady Ty leaned over and frowned down at me.
Tyburn, I said.
She smile thinly.
Who were you expecting.
she asked.
International Rescue.
I did not say Toby the Dog because I do not have a death wish.
Did you hear me calling.
I said, checking to make sure nobody was close enough to hear.
I was calling with magic.
I smelled you, boy, she said.
You were stinking up the sewers, and while I had half a mind to leave you, I could not take the risk that youd smell worse dead.
She leaned down until her lips were by my ear.
Her breath was spiced with nutmeg and saffron.
One day, she murmured, I will ask you for a favor, and do you know what your response will be.
Yes, maam, no, maam three bags full, maam.
You only become my enemy if you get in my way, Peter, she said.
If you get in my way you should make sure my enemy is what you want to be.
She straightened up, and before I could think of something clever to say she was gone.
CHAPTER Warren Street IVE NEVER been one of those people who tells everyone they are fine and tries to climb out of their hospital bed.
Feeling as shit as I did is your body way of telling you to lie the fuck down and take in fluids preferably intravenously so that is what I did.
I was a little surprised that they took me to UCH, which was not the closest casualty unit, until Dr.
Walid appeared in my treatment cubicle and proceeded to loom over the shoulder of the junior doctor who was treating me for various cuts, bruises, scrapes, and possible exposure.
To give him credit, the junior doctor, who from his accent had inherited his breezy confidence and a private education from his parents, tried for professional insouciance.
But there just something uniquely intimidating about a wiry six foot Scot.
Once hed arranged to have a nurse come and put the actual bandages on, he gave me a professional smile and legged it out of there as fast he could.
By day Dr.
Walid is a world renowned gastroenterologist, but by night he dons his sinister white coat and becomes England foremost expert on cryptopathology.
Anything weird that turns up, living or dead, gets examined by Dr.
Walid including me and Lesley.
Good evening, Peter, he said as he advanced on me.
I was hoping youd make it all the way to Christmas intact.
He became the fifth person to shine a light in my eyes to check for pupil reactions.
Or perhaps he was looking for something different.
Does this mean you are going to stick me back in the MRI.
I asked.
Oh yes, said Dr.
Walid with great relish.
Between you and Lesley I am finally beginning to develop some decent data on what happens to your brain when you become a practitioner.
Anything I should know about.
Early days yet, he said.
But Id like to get you booked in as soon as possible, I am supposed to be on the train to Glasgow this afternoon.
Are you going home for Christmas.
Dr.
Walid perched on the edge of the bed and scribbled a few notes on a clipboard.
I always go back to Oban for the holidays.
So the rest of your family are not Muslims, then.
Dr.
Walid chuckled.
Oh no, he said.
Loyal sons and daughters of the Kirk, each and every one of them.
Very dour, serious people except at this time of the year.
They celebrate Christmas and I celebrate them.
Besides, they are always pleased to see me since I bring the bird to the feast.
You bring the turkey.
Of course, said Dr.
Walid, I have to be sure it is properly halal after all.
TRUE TO his word, I was decanted into a wheelchair and raced up to the imaging department, where they stuck my head in the MRI.
It is an expensive piece of kit and has a strict waiting list for tests, which Dr.
Walid seems to ride roughshod over at will.
When I asked him where his extraordinary privileges came from he explained that the Folly, through a charity first established in , made a contribution to the hospital finances and in return he got to preempt nonemergency cases.
The techs who ran the MRI had been seeing me and Lesley on a regular basis since the summer God knows what they thought I had.
Some form of rare brain cancer, I suppose.
I must have been getting used to the machine, because despite the sledgehammer sound of the magnetic coils I drifted off to sleep mid scan.
SATURDAY CHAPTER Warren Street I WOKE up in a private room, the same one Nightingale had been stashed in when he got shot, I thought, to find Lesley asleep in a chair by my bed.
She can not sleep in the mask so she was barefaced but with her head twisted awkwardly away from the door to make sure nobody could look in and see her face.
Her mask was clutched in one hand, ready for instant donning if I woke up.
In sleep her face looked just as horrible but weirdly more like a face.
I found it easier to look at when I knew she was not looking back at me judging my reactions.
It was dark outside but this time of year that could be late afternoon or early morning.
I weighed not waking Lesley against her probable reaction that she would catch me staring at her face without permission.
I lay back in my bed, closed my eyes, and groaned theatrically until Lesley woke up.
It is okay, she said.
I have got it back on.
I had an inkling how long Id been asleep when I had to rush to the bathroom down the corridor and spend what seemed an inordinate amount of time having a wee.
After a shower and a change into a new and clean but otherwise identical open back hospital gown, I climbed gratefully into my bed again and went back to sleep.
I woke up to daylight and the smell of McDonald my stomach rumbled.
Lesley had returned with an unauthorized dinner, the newspapers, and reassurances that Kumar and Reynolds had both escaped with minor cuts and bruises.
And Miss FBI, said Lesley.
What was all that about.
In exchange for a Big Mac and the promise that shed fetch me some clean clothes, I told her all about Peter Grant is adventures underground.
She particularly liked the Holland Park rave and the part where I hallucinated myself back into the fourteenth century.
I bet he was fit, she said.
All these supernatural types are fit.
I was almost afraid to ask.
Did we make the papers.
Lesley held up a tabloid with the understated headline TERROR ON THE UNDERGROUND.
I pointed out that theyd missed the Christmas angle, so Lesley held up another tabloid with XMAS TUBE FEAR covering the whole front page.
I was tempted to lie back down and pull the covers over my head.
The commissioner had turned up on TV to state categorically that terrorism was not involved, and in this he was backed up by Transport for London and the Home Office.
It was strongly hinted that a water leak had undermined the platform and caused a localized collapse.
The damage was confined to the platform, and a resumption of train services was expected in time for the Boxing Day sales.
There was a noticeable absence of CCTV footage or even stuff caught on phone cameras.
I discovered later that whatever my friend the Earthbender had done, it fried every chip within ten meters and degraded cameras and phones out to another twenty.
Congratulations, said Lesley.
After this, nobody will even remember the Covent Garden fire.
Do I get a name check.
I asked.
No, amazingly enough, she said.
Because as they were digging you out a heavily pregnant woman went into labor and gave birth in the casualty triage point practically in front of the cameras.
I will bet that got their attention, I said.
Gets better, said Lesley.
She had twins.
That could not possibly be a deliberate distraction by Nightingale or whoever it was who was supposed to arrange these things.
I mean, youd need teams of pregnant women on standby it just was not practical.
Damn, but the newspaper editors must have been banging their heads on their desks trying to cram the words miracle and tot into their headlines.
My money on Christmas Miracle Twins, I said.
Xmas Twin Tots Birth Joy, said Lesley.
The E.
coli scare got knocked all the way back to page four.
Has anyone else visited.
I asked.
Seawoll and Stephanopoulos were not going to be happy.
Nightingale turned up, she said.
He was hoping to shout at you a bit to show his affection in a gruff manly and safely nongay way but you were asleep so he just sort of milled around for a while and then off he went.
So, I said, how was your end of the operation.
Unlike some people, she said, I devoted my time to some actual police work.
Somebody has to do it, I said.
Lesley gave me a long look.
Sometimes I can tell what she thinking even with the mask on.
But sometimes I can not.
They are all linked, said Lesley.
The Beales, Gallaghers, and Nolans.
Want to guess how.
The Unbreakable Empire Pottery.
I asked.
Not the Nolans, she said, snagging a tangerine from a bowl by my bed.
At least not to start with they came later.
The business was started in by Eugene Beale, Patrick Gallagher, and Mathew Carroll spot the names.
And that is significant because they are such uncommon names, I said.
Lesley ignored me.
I checked with Companies House, she said.
The Beale family business goes all the way back to Empire Pottery, which, by the time it effectively went bust in the s, was but a small adjunct of the seriously large property, construction, and engineering subcontracting business.
Mathew Carroll son William is listed as running the Dublin branch of the firm now I know what you are thinking, but guess who that kiln belonged to.
Ryan Carroll.
Correct, said Lesley and waved her notebook at me.
He using that warehouse rent free, so either he has a direct family connection or the Beales are just sentimental about the name.
Maybe we should interview Carroll, I said.
You think.
Do you have a firm connection with James Gallagher.
I asked.
You are going to like this, she said.
Because, according to Lesley, U.S.
senators do not have your common or garden variety blog pages, they have huge fuck off commercial quality websites, plural, that tell you everything they need you to know about them.
Or at least everything the senator needs you to know.
Although they do not have a lot in the way of humorous cats, said Lesley.
But they did have a lot about Senator Gallagher family, including the story of Sean Gallagher, who immigrated to America in to seek a new life of freedom, liberty, and apple pie.
And to avoid arrest on suspicion of murder, said Lesley.
According to the court records.
Stabbed some guy in an establishment of the type frequented by ruffians, navvies, and others of low character.
Did he do it.
I asked.
This was the old fashioned coppering, said Lesley.
He was drunk and Irish and the victim was likewise drunk and Irish, they were known to be arguing but there were no witnesses to the actual killing.
Everyone in the establishment having been struck suddenly blind and deaf.
Although that might have had something to do with the gin they were drinking.
Anyway, his bail was stood by his brother Patrick and by Eugene Beale, and it was them that paid when he did his flit to the States.
Where he and his descendants became pillars of the notorious New York political system.
Lesley did not know what it was notorious for, except that is how it was always described notorious.
What had we stumbled into in the sewers.
A culture, a secret society.
Nightingale would have to be told, but Detective Chief Inspector Seawoll would want a great deal more real evidence before he started bringing in people for questioning.
We need to check the mundane library, I said.
See if there anything about the tunnels dating back to before the s.
You know it is Christmas Eve, do not you.
asked Lesley.
Really, I said.
Does this mean you want a present.
It means I am going home to Essex tomorrow, she said.
Also, I know you have a strange disregard for basic procedure, but Nightingale is the SIO on the Little Crocodiles case and Seawoll is SIO on the James Gallagher murder.
Meaning you need to talk to at least one of them before you do anything.
Including getting out of bed.
At least bring me my laptop, I said.
Fine, said Lesley.
And some grapes, I said.
I can not believe I have been in the hospital overnight and nobody brought me any grapes.
After Lesley had buggered off, I checked in the waste paper basket and found not one but two flimsy plastic containers with denuded grape stems in them.
I then spent a happy half an hour plotting a series of increasingly bizarre revenge pranks on Lesley before Nightingale arrived with a change of clothes.
This being Nightingale, hed brought my fitted navy suit that was, strictly speaking, reserved for funerals and court appearances.
I told him my theories about the Faceless Man and Crossrail and it started sounding thinner the longer I talked.
But Nightingale thought it was worth checking out.
At the very least, he said, we need to eliminate the possibility.
We were interrupted by a surprisingly young intern with stumpy brown fingers and a brummie accent who took my blood pressure and another blood sample.
I asked after Dr.
Walid and was told that, since I was not in any danger, hed left for Scotland the night before.
Amazingly undamaged, said the intern.
But he wants you to stay overnight for observation.
You are suffering from exposure so you need to rest, take on fluids, and stay warm.
I told him that I had no intention of getting out of bed, and he wandered off, content.
Nightingale said I did look tired and that he was going to leave me alone to get some sleep.
When I complained I was bored, he left me his copy of the Daily Telegraph and suggested I try the crossword.
He was right fifteen minutes later I slapped it down on the bed.
Twelve down, said Tyburn.
To owe much to others six letters.
She was standing in the doorway wearing brown slacks and a snowy white lamb wool roll neck sweater.
Are not you going to wait for me to recover before calling it in.
I asked.
She entered and sat primly on the end of my bed and looked around the room frowning.
Why have not you got any grapes.
she asked.
I have been asking myself the same question, I said.
You did not bring flowers either.
Do you think there people living in the sewer system.
she asked.
Do you.
I asked.
I think it is a possibility, she said.
And if it is true, it is an issue that will have to be addressed carefully.
And you think you are just the woman for the job.
I am the goddess on the spot, so to speak, she said.
If not me, then who.
I wanted to say that me and Nightingale had it all under control, but under the circumstances I did not think shed believe me.
Tyburn leaned forward and gave me her sincere look.
How long do you think the status quo can last.
she asked.
If there are people living in the sewers, would not it be better to bring them into mainstream society.
Put them on social security, get them a council flat, and send their kids to school.
I asked.
Perhaps, she said.
Or perhaps we should regularize where they live now, get them access to health care and education.
Give them a stake at least give them a choice.
If there are people down there, I said.
All I want, said Tyburn as she stood up and prepared to leave, is for you to give this some thought.
I gave a noncommittal grunt and she left.
Truth is, I was getting peckish and was considering getting up and hunting down some food when my parents turned up with a day worth of jelof rice, hot beef, and best of all, a freezer container full of freshly cooked deep fried plantain.
My mum, alarmed by the recent E.
coli outbreak and having a professionally low opinion of hospital cleaning standards, had decided I should not eat hospital food.
Obedient son that I was, I dutifully stuffed my face and promised faithfully that, no matter what, I would be turning up for Christmas at Aunty Jo.
Eating the best part of a kilogram of rice would slow down a hippopotamus, so after Mum and Dad had gone I lay down and dozed off.
I opened my eyes to find Zachary Palmer with his hand in one of my Tupperware boxes.
Hey, I said.
He stopped scoffing up the deep fried plantain and grinned at me.
Your mum a bare wicked cook, he said.
That is mine, you thieving git, I said, and snatched the box off him.
Unperturbed, he moved on to the fruit.
His sweatshirt was clean and still showed the sharp creases that only Molly can inflict on casual wear.
What are you doing here.
I asked.
I wanted to make sure you were all right, did not I.
I am touched, I said.
Not for me, you understand, but he was a bit worried, said Zach.
Who he.
I asked.
Zach froze with a tangerine segment halfway to his lips.
Did I say he.
Yeah, I said.
You did.
Can I at least take the plantain.
he asked.
No, I said, and tightened my grip on the Tupperware.
Well then.
Laters, he said, and bolted.
You know there always things in life that you have to do despite the fact that you know for certain the outcome is going to be messy, painful, humiliating, or all three.
Going to the dentist, asking someone out for the first time, breaking up a stag do outside the Bar Rumba on a Saturday night, and now chasing a suspect through a hospital while wearing an open back hospital gown.
I went straight for the stairs because either Zach would hit the lifts, in which case I could beat him down, or hed go for the stairs, in which case Id be right behind him.
When I pushed my way through the heavy fire doors there was no sign of him on the staircase, so I went down three steps at a time, pausing only to scream loudly when I stubbed my toe halfway to the bottom.
Lesley says that the key to a successful chase is to know where the suspect is running to.
Even if you do not know their ultimate destination you should be able to make an educated guess about where the next choke point is.
In Zach case, this was the hospital lobby, which is the only public way in or out.
So that is where I went first.
Unfortunately, it is got two exits, at opposite ends, and what with the icy road conditions, the onset of winter flu, and some pretty aggressive contact shopping, it was full of the walking wounded and their hangers on.
If Zach had been sensible enough to walk slowly and calmly out he would have got away.
But luckily for me, he was still running when he went out the north exit and all I had to do was follow the yelps of outrage as he pushed through the crowd.
They yelled even louder when I steamed past in pursuit, what with me being a half naked IC, albeit in winter plumage.
They came to all the wrong conclusions and scattered out of my way.
I ran down a wide flight of steps in front of the hospital, staggered once as my bare heel skidded on a bit of rotting ice, recovered, and looked right and left.
Unless you are heading for the hospital, that particular stretch of pavement is not good for anything except inhaling exhaust fumes which meant Zach was easy to spot, on my left, still running.
I went after him with my feet reminding me at every step why I spend all that money on sneakers.
The exertion kept me warm, but a cold breeze around my bum reminded me that I was short in the trouser department that and the wolf whistle I got as I rounded the corner into Tottenham Court Road.
Zach obviously thought hed put his troubles behind him, because he slowed down to a fast saunter.
I was nearly upon him when he glanced back, saw me, and went off like a jackrabbit.
He was fast, and one thing was for certain I was not about to catch him in bare feet.
Hed have got away if Lesley had not at that moment come out of Sainsbury with her groceries, seen me, seen Zach, and made the kind of lightning decision that got her voted graduate most likely to make chief superintendent by thirty at Hendon.
She did not try for anything flashy like a clothesline.
She merely stuck out her foot and down he went on his face.
Still holding two bags of groceries and my laptop, she skipped over and planted her foot on his back holding him down until I could arrive.
Between us wed managed to attract a bit of a crowd.
Police, I said.
Move along.
Nothing to see here.
You sure about that.
asked a voice from the crowd.
I am going to let you up now, Zach, said Lesley.
Do not do anything stupid.
I will not, I will not, he said.
Just do not you do anything hasty.
Hasty.
I said.
You just made me run naked down Tottenham Court Road.
Youd rather I gave it some thought.
A couple of uniforms turned up who neither me or Lesley knew personally and it could have gone pear shaped.
I know I would have arrested me had I been them, except I dropped Detective Inspector Stephanopoulos name into the conversation and suddenly they could not be more helpful.
However, once you have invoked the name of Stephanopoulos you have to live according to her principles, unless you crave trouble, so we had to get someone from the Murder Team down to arrest Zach.
While he was bundled off to an interview room at AB, I sloped back to the hospital to find my clothes and discharge myself.
Youd be amazed how long that can take.
CHAPTER Sloane Square I WAS disappointed to find there was nothing waiting for me on my desk back at the Outside Inquiry Team office.
We assigned them elsewhere when you went into the hospital, said Stephanopoulos.
Six whole days on the Murder Team and Id only managed to fulfill about two and a half actions.
Not only was not it going to look good on any performance review, but I also doubted that being engaged in a supernatural sewer battle with an underground Earthbender was going to serve as much of an explanation.
Because we wanted to avoid the lengthy booking in process, we had not charged Zach.
But we made it clear that arrest and Christmas in the cells was the true alternative to helping police with their inquiries.
THE INTERVIEW rooms at AB are featureless cubes with Windsor blue walls and scuffed wooden trim.
There was a scarred wooden table, chairs, the standard double tape recorder, and a CCTV camera enclosed in an opaque Perspex bubble that hung from the ceiling.
In the hour or so since hed been placed in it, Zach had managed to create a pile of chocolate bar wrappers and shredded polystyrene cup.
Hello, gorgeous, he said as me and Lesley entered.
I did not know you cared, I said.
Got anything to eat.
he asked.
I am bare hungry.
I swept the rubbish into the bin and slapped down in front of him a suspiciously floppy package wrapped in the greaseproof paper.
Zach opened it cautiously, took a sniff, then gave me a broad smile.
From Molly.
he asked.
What is it.
asked Lesley.
Brawn sarnie, he said.
Okay, said Lesley, who as a proper Essex girl knew her lights from her livers.
Shed once spent a happy half hour explaining what strange and secret bits of the animal body regularly turned up in Molly traditional cooking.
If you do not know already I am not going to tell you what brawn is.
Let is just say that the common name for it is head cheese and leave it at that.
Had she not been wearing a mask, I am pretty certain that even Lesley would have looked shocked at the enthusiastic way Zach tucked in.
There are several schools of thought about using tricks and treats in an interview.
Seawoll says that in the old days, when just about everyone smoked, if you withheld the fags long enough your suspect would tell you just about anything in return for a puff.
Which was fine, if all you wanted was a result.
But if you were looking for accurate information you needed to be a bit trickier.
In our preinterview discussion the consensus was that the problem with Zach was not going to be making him talk, but getting him to talk sense.
We did not think low blood sugar would be helpful, but as Stephanopoulos pointed out, we did not want him hyper either hence the offal sandwich.
Let is talk about your friend, I said.
I have got a lot of friends, said Zach.
Let is talk about the one that is good with his hands, I said.
Zach gave me a blank look but he was not fooling me.
Pale face, I said.
Hoodie, digs out concrete with his bare hands.
Zach glanced at where the twin cassette tapes whirred in the recorder.
Are you allowed to talk about this stuff.
he asked.
It is just us here, said Lesley.
If only, I thought.
There being a good chance that Nightingale, Seawoll, and Stephanopoulos were watching on the monitor and maintaining a blow by blow commentary complete with scorecards.
You tried to stall me at the Underground rave, I said.
You did not want me going after him.
And look what happened, said Zach.
So you do know him, said Lesley.
We may have crossed paths, he said.
Done a little business, socialized a bit.
Who is he.
asked Lesley.
His name Stephen, said Zach.
Any chance of a Mars bar.
Surname.
I asked.
Hot chocolate.
asked Zach.
Nothing finishes off brawn like a hot chocolate.
Surname.
They do not go in for surnames, said Zach.
I wanted to ask who they were, but sometimes it is better to let the interviewee think they have got one past you.
So I asked where Stephen was from.
Peckham, said Zach.
We asked whereabouts in Peckham, exactly, and he said he did not know.
Do you know what he did with his gun.
I asked.
What gun.
asked Zach.
The gun he used to shoot at us, I said.
For a moment Zach was staring at us as if we were mad.
Then he frowned.
Oh, that gun, he said.
You must have done something, because that gun purely for self protection.
I mean, I would not want you thinking that he just goes around shooting at anyone.
Has he shown it to you.
What.
The gun, I said.
You ever seen it.
Zach leaned back in his seat and gave an airy wave.
Course, he said.
But not to hold or nothing.
Do you know what kind of gun it was.
asked Lesley.
It was a gun, he said, making a pistol shape with his hand.
I do not really know guns.
Was it a revolver or a semiautomatic pistol.
asked Lesley.
It was a Glock, said Zach.
Same as what the police use.
I thought you did not know guns, I said.
That is what Stephen said it was, said Zach.
He turned to Lesley.
Any chance of that hot chocolate I am dying here.
As a largely unarmed police force, the Met have some fairly serious views about the illegal possession of firearms.
It tends to get a lot of attention from senior officers, who are willing to devote substantial resources to the problem, and usually ends in a visit from CO, the Met is firearms unit, whose unofficial motto is, Guns do not kill people, we kill people with guns.
Given that Zach must have known how serious we took the subject, the question had to be What was so important that he was willing to implicate his friend Stephen in a firearms charge just to cover it up.
Especially given that having interviewed all the witnesses and searched Oxford Circus, the Murder Team was pretty certain that Zach good friend Stephen had not been carrying one when he got off the train.
Hot chocolate was it.
asked Lesley, getting up.
Yes, please, said Zach.
Lesley asked if I wanted coffee.
I said yes and I told the tape recorder that PC Lesley May had left the room.
Zach grinned.
Obviously he thought hed kept his secret which was exactly what we wanted him to think.
Your friend Steve.
Stephen, said Zach.
He does not like Steve.
Your friend Stephen from Peckham, I said.
How long have you known him.
Since I was a kid, he said.
I checked my notes.
While you were at St.
Mark Children Home.
As it happens, yes, said Zach.
Which is in Notting Hill, I said.
Not five minutes walk from James Gallagher house.
That is a bit of a way from Peckham.
Neither of us likes to be confined, said Zach.
What with the concessionary travel on the bus and everything.
So you used to hang, I said.
Hang.
asked Zach.
Yeah, we used to hang.
Wed often chill as well.
And on occasion wed be jammin.
Around your ends, I said.
Portobello, Ladbroke Grove.
There always something happening at the market, said Zach.
Stephen a bit of a culture freak, is not he and we used to earn a bit of cash running errands and stuff.
Was he into art.
I asked.
He good with his hands, said Zach, and something about the way he said it made me wonder why hed be reluctant to talk about art.
Did he make pottery.
I asked.
Zach hesitated, and before he could answer Lesley came in with a tray of hot chocolate, coffee, and a plate of biscuits.
Unfortunately, this part of the interview had been scripted.
So instead of pushing Zach, I made a note on the pad in front of me Stephen  Pottery.
 Motive.
Lesley identified herself for the tape and then leaned in to murmur, I swear this nick has the worst coffee.
I gave Zach a meaningful look.
Really, I said.
Interesting.
Zach looked carefully unconcerned.
You say your friend has a pistol, I said.
Had a pistol, said Zach.
He probably ditched it by now.
He did not have one at Oxford Circus.
Zach took his hot chocolate.
Like I said he must have ditched it.
No, he did not, said Lesley.
Not on the train, not on the tracks, not anywhere between the stairs at Holland Park to the platform at Oxford Circus.
We have looked.
And the funny thing is, I said, I was not shot at with a pistol, I was shot by a Sten gun.
And trust me on this, it is very easy to tell the difference.
Not to mention simple to differentiate in the ballistics lab, said Lesley.
So I think there were at least two of them, I said, and took a sip of my coffee.
It was vile.
Two big eyed and pasty faced geezers, and I do not think either of them are from Peckham.
Are they.
They are brothers, said Zach, and you had to admire him, if only for his persistence.
But it did not matter, because in an interview a lie can almost be as good as the truth.
That is because all good lies contain as much truth as the liar thinks they can get away with.
This truth accumulates, and because it is easier to remember the truth than something you have made up, it remains consistent where the lies do not.
All you have to do is keep asking variations on the same questions, until you can sort one from the other.
That is why helping the police with their inquiries can take you all day if you are lucky.
Are they fae.
asked Lesley.
Zach gave a startled glance at the tape recorder and then at the CCTV camera.
Are you sure you are allowed to talk about that stuff.
he asked.
Are they.
I asked.
You know, you guys are the only people that say fae, said Zach.
Out there we do not call people fae.
Not if you want to keep your teeth.
You said your dad was a fairy, I said.
Well he was, said Zach.
The Rivers said you were half goblin.
Yeah, I ai not going to say nothing against the Rivers, but they are not half a bunch of stuck up cunts, are not they.
said Zach, getting loud at the end.
At last, I thought, a point of entry.
Is your friend Stephen a goblin, then.
asked Lesley.
You should not go around calling people a goblin unless you know what the word means, said Zach, his voice back to its cheery cockney geezer normal.
But I could hear the agitation underneath.
Plus hed started drumming his fingers on the tabletop.
What should we call them, then.
asked Lesley.
You, said Zach, pointing at me and then Lesley, should not be calling them anything at all you should be leaving them alone.
One of them shot at me, I said.
With a Sten gun.
And another one buried me under the ground, under the fucking ground, Zach, and left me for dead.
So I do not think leaving them alone is going to be a bleeding option.
They were just defending he started, then caught himself.
Defending what.
I asked.
Themselves, said Zach.
You are the Isaacs man we know all about you from back through the annals of history.
We all know what happens if you are a square peg in a round hole.
So definitely fae, I thought.
So who were they defending.
I asked.
Self defense, said Zach.
Outright lie.
What is his brother name.
I asked.
Hesitation.
Marcus, he said another lie.
Does he eat a lot of greens.
asked Lesley.
Because the Nolan brothers were delivering a ton of vegetables for just two people.
They live an active, healthy life, said Zach.
Zach, I said, how stupid do you think we are.
I do not know, he said.
Do you want it on a scale of one to ten.
Who are they.
asked Lesley.
We saw him open his mouth to say Who they.
But Lesley slapped her palm on the table.
My face itches, Zach, she hissed.
The sooner you tell us the truth the sooner I can go home and get out of this mask.
Who are they.
I asked.
They are just people, said Zach.
You need to leave them alone.
It is too late for that, I said.
Has been since your friend shut down the Central Line during the Christmas rush.
They are talking a closed platform for up to six months they are talking millions of pounds.
Do you really think they are going to be satisfied if I just stroll up and say, We know who did it but we have decided to leave them alone.
Zach slumped forward, pressed his head against the tabletop, and groaned theatrically.
Give us something we can take upstairs, said Lesley.
Then we can do a deal.
I want assurances, said Zach.
You can have my word, I said.
No disrespect, Peter, he said, but I do not want a promise from the monkey, I want it from the organ grinder I want it from the Nightingale.
If they are special, I said, then there a chance we can keep it low key.
But if you want me to bring in my governor, then you are going to have to talk to me first.
Who are they.
asked Lesley again.
They were, as far as Zach understood it, people who had met up with Eugene Beale and Patrick Gallagher when they were working on the railways south of the river.
You say they are not fae, I said.
But they are different.
Yeah, he said.
Different how.
asked Lesley.
Look, said Zach, there basically two types of different, right.
There born different.
Which is like me and the Thames girls and what you call fae but only because you do not know what the fuck you are talking about.
And there choosing to be different, which is like you and the Nightingale.
He pointed at me and then frowned.
Sorry, there three basic types, okay.
There born, those that choose, and those that are made different.
He pointed at Lesley.
Like through an accident or something.
Lesley stared at his finger and he dropped it.
I was just about to ask what he meant by that when Lesley told Zach to stop getting off the subject.
Never mind about me, she said.
Are these people born different.
Is that what you are saying.
Zach nodded, and I would have written subspecies in my notes if Dr.
Walid had not once sat me down and given me a stern lecture about using biological classifications when I did not know what the terms actually meant.
I wrote mutants instead, and then scribbled it out.
Dr.
Walid would just have to be content with born different.
Lesley asked him to speak out loud for the benefit of the tape.
Born different, said Zach.
I do not know where they came from originally.
The Gallaghers and the Beales hooked up with them back in their excavating days.
I do not know how maybe they dug them up.
But they are the people that make the pottery, right.
I asked.
Zach nodded again, and then, after Lesley gave him a look, said, Yes, it was them that made the pottery.
Do they have a name.
asked Lesley.
Who.
asked Zach.
These people, she said.
Are they dwarves, elves, gnomes, what.
We call them the Quiet People, said Zach.
And you took James Gallagher down to meet them.
I asked before Lesley had a chance to ask whether they were quiet or not.
I heard through the grapevine that he was asking after Empire Pottery and I thought I saw a business opportunity, said Zach.
So I introduced myself.
I told you I was his guide, remember when you first asked me.
Was it you that bought the fruit bowl.
I asked.
Actually it was that statue, said Zach.
Or rather I took him down the goblin market and he bought it there.
Lesley gave me the evil eye as I went on to establish that the goblin market was the moving nazareth, but I thought Nightingale would want to know.
You took him to Powis Square.
I asked.
Not there, said Zach.
The market before that he got himself to the Powis Square market off his own back.
He was a bright boy.
He stuck his finger in his mug and went hunting for the dregs of his hot chocolate.
And the bowl.
I asked.
Spotted it himself, said Zach.
I risked Lesley ire by going off on another tangent and bringing out the fruit bowl in question, brought especially from the Folly.
Even through the clear plastic of the forensic bag I could feel vestigia as I pushed it across the table to Zach.
Is this the bowl.
I asked.
Zach barely glanced at it.
Yeah, he said.
The actual bowl, I said.
Not just one that looks like it.
Yeah, said Zach.
How can you tell.
Just can, he said.
Does this work for all pottery, or does your gift for identification extend only to stoneware.
I asked.
What.
If I got a plate in from the canteen and showed it to you, I said, would you be able to pick it out of a plate lineup a week later.
A plate lineup, I thought.
God knows what Seawoll is making of this.
You are off your head, said Zach.
It is made by the Quiet People, not in some factory in China.
He spoke slowly to make sure I understood.
So each one is different like someone face is different that is how I can tell them apart.
I wondered if Zach, half fairy, half goblin, half whatever he was, perceived vestigia differently from the way me, Lesley, and Nightingale did.
If he did, then it would make sense for him to also respond to it differently, perhaps less powerfully.
I made another note for later because I knew Lesley would be homing back in on the policing.
Moving on, she said, right on cue.
So you took James Gallagher through the sewers to meet these Quiet People.
Zach smiled at her.
You can take your mask off, you know we do not mind.
Do we, Peter.
I expected Lesley to either ignore Zach or slap him down, but instead she turned to me and gave me an inquiring look.
You do not have to ask my permission, I said, half hoping shed leave it on.
She looked at Zach, who gave her a crooked smile.
I will take it off, said Lesley slowly, if you stop messing us about.
Okay, he said without hesitation.
Lesley unclipped her mask and slipped it off.
Her face was as horrible as ever and glistening with sweat.
I froze for a moment and then thought to hand her some tissues.
As she wiped her face I realized that Zach was staring at me eyes narrowed.
The mask is off, I said.
Your turn.
James Gallagher and the seven dwarves, said Lesley.
Did I say they were short.
asked Zach.
We both just stared at him until he got on with it.
James, he told us, had been persistent in the way only Americans and double glazing salesmen seem to be capable of.
No matter what Zach said or did, including storming out of the house and all the way to the Chip Shop, James would not let up.
So we got some gear together and down the rabbit hole we went, said Zach.
A rabbit hole with a horrible smell.
I got him to pinpoint the exact manhole theyd gone down on a printout of Google maps.
Shockingly, it was located fifty meters up the road from James Gallagher house.
I wondered if it was the same one Agent Reynolds had found.
There was a certain amount of farting about as we showed him the boots, and he agreed that, yeah, they were James boots or at least they looked like the boots James bought for going down the sewers I mean, they could be somebody else, could not they.
It was not like he was paying a lot of attention to James boots that would be bare strange, would not it.
Unless you are into boots, said Zach.
Takes all types.
I resisted the urge to bang my forehead on the table.
Finally, after Lesley made it clear with many subtle verbal clues that she was resisting the urge to bang Zach forehead on the table, we moved on to the point where he introduced James Gallagher to the Quiet People.
Not that they are really called the Quiet People, said Zach.
We got the whole ambiguity thing, I said quickly.
Not only was Zach not sure what they called themselves, he was not sure where they lived.
I know how to get there underground, he said as we pulled out the map again.
But I ai not got the faintest as to where that is, you know, aboveground.
Somewhere in Notting Hill was the best he could do.
I had a suspicion I knew exactly where, but I kept it to myself.
They did not live in the sewers, Zach wanted to make that clear they lived in their own tunnels, which were dry and comfortable.
He could not tell you what the tunnels looked like, however.
On account of them liking the dark.
For James it was love at first feel.
He kept going on about the walls, said Zach.
What about them.
I asked.
He liked the way they felt.
And the Quiet People liked him kindred spirits and all that.
That was the first time theyd let me past the hallway and that is down to me being friends with Stephen.
So his name really is Stephen, said Lesley.
Believe it, said Zach.
I was not making that up.
Stephen, George, Henry, they have all got names like that.
It is a wonder they do not wear flat caps and braces.
Not that they got out much, Stephen being a bit of an exception, because, according to Zach, outgoing people do not live underground.
So what was James looking for.
asked Lesley.
I do not know, said Zach.
Something artistic, or it might have been one of the girls.
You know what they say.
Once you have done fae, it do not go away.
He knew something I could tell by the way he kept trying to distract us.
So he just went in and left you outside.
asked Lesley.
In the hallway, said Zach.
You must have some idea what he was doing, she said.
I only got as far as the parlor despite everything Id done for them.
He folded his arms across his chest.
I did not get the backstage pass.
But they let James in, said Lesley.
Did that make you angry.
Yeah, said Zach.
I got to say it did.
Because it was all hugs and feasts and exclamations of joy for James, and never mind the number of times Zach had personally saved Stephen arse or fixed some aboveground problem, because Zach was not a descendant of the Beales or Gallaghers.
No fatted calf for Zach not that they actually ran to a fatted calf.
But still, said Zach, a bit of appreciation would have been nice.
Which concluded a textbook illustration of why you should say as little as possible when being interviewed by the police up until he gave us a motive his resentment me and Lesley had pretty much written him off as a suspect.
Now me and Lesley exchanged looks I could tell she did not think Zach did it either.
It was not until I looked away that I realized Id read her expression off her bare face without reacting to what her face had become.
Does Graham Beale get the fatted calf.
I asked.
What about Ryan Carroll.
Who Ryan Carroll.
asked Zach.
Famous artist, I said.
James was a fan.
Do not know him sorry, he said.
Ca not know everyone.
But if he was the right Carroll theyd have let him in too.
What about Graham Beale.
I asked.
The managing director.
He used to visit, said Zach.
But it was his brother who spent time down there.
Mad for digging, he was sad really, him dying like that.
Stephen says they never saw Graham Beale again.
How many of them are there.
asked Lesley.
Do not know, said Zach.
Ten, twenty, two hundred.
More than twenty, he said.
Several families at least.
Families, said Lesley.
Jesus.
They have been minding their own business for hundreds of years, said Zach.
I will bet your master did not even know they were there.
And what now.
You going to go down there mob handed.
When you find out their kids have not gone to school you going to call in Social Services, do them for truancy, living underground without a license.
He glared at me.
You do not know what you are going to do do you.
He was right, I did not know what I was going to do but then, that is what God created senior officers for.
NOT THAT they knew what to do either.
Did you know about these people.
Seawoll asked Nightingale.
Wed convened in front of the murder inquiry whiteboard, which was covered in timelines, notes, and pictures of people who had just become totally irrelevant.
No, said Nightingale.
I may be speaking out of turn here, but that seems like a bit of an oversight to me, said Seawoll.
You see, Thomas, so far this year I have made a personal friend in Mr.
Punch and helped burn down Covent Garden while Miriam here had to deal with women with carnivorous minges and real cat people, and now I have got to face the possibility that there might be a whole fucking village of mole people armed with fucking Sten guns living under Notting Hill.
Given that I have been repeatedly instructed to defer to your expertise in all areas involving irregular and special circumstances, I am well within my rights to express a certain level of dissatisfaction with the way you exercise your responsibilities in this area.
It is certainly unfortunate began Nightingale.
It is more than fucking unfortunate, said Seawoll, his voice gone very quiet.
It is unprofessional.
I only saw the flinch because I knew Nightingale well enough to recognize the tiny movement of his head for what it was.
You are right of course, he said.
And I apologize for the oversight.
Stephanopoulos gave me a what the fuck look, but I was just as amazed as she was.
Even Seawoll looked suspicious.
Before I took over the Folly, said Nightingale, I rarely saw action in London.
I spent most of my time overseas.
When we lost the bulk of our He faltered for a moment.
Those of my colleagues that dealt with such matters were no longer available.
It is entirely possible that I could find some reference to these people in the literature, but like you, I have been somewhat distracted of late.
Seawoll narrowed his eyes.
We want to get down there as soon as possible, he said.
Before the buggers can dig themselves in.
He considered what hed just said.
Dig themselves in further.
I suggest we hold off until after Christmas, said Nightingale.
If only because of the overtime, said Stephanopoulos.
You know CO and TSG will be busy covering the likely target list until after the new year.
They will make us pay if we want them, and I do not think we should go down there without some bodies.
Can we at least interview Graham Beale this afternoon.
said Seawoll.
If it is not too much fucking trouble.
And Ryan Carroll, the artist, I said.
We need to know whether he was in contact with the Quiet People.
The Quiet fucking People, said Seawoll and shook his head.
Let is pick the other known human beings up first thing Boxing Day they should be nice and fat from Christmas dinner.
Then once everyone got over their hangovers, we can venture underground.
I will talk to Thames Water and see if they can not provide us with some maps, said Nightingale.
Would you.
said Seawoll.
That would be grand.
Stephanopoulos sighed and gave me a meaningful look.
Coffee.
I said.
If you would, Peter, said Stephanopoulos.
The canteen at AB is not that bad, despite the strained attempt at festive cheer, with tinsel draped around the till and intertwined with the display boxes of chocolate, muesli bars, and minipackets of biscuits.
I was not making the same mistake twice I had tea instead of coffee.
As the Congolese woman behind the till rang up the order, I noticed that the tinsel had been strung close enough to the hot food area to allow the occasional strand to dip itself into the perpetual pot of beef Stroganoff.
It is this kind of attention to food hygiene that explains why the Metropolitan Police loses so many workdays to sickness that and overexposure to dogs, the elements, and members of the public.
Do not they know there an E.
coli scare on.
I thought.
Then I carefully put my tray down, turned, and hared out of the canteen and back up to the Outside Inquiry office, taking the steps three at a time.
Apparently I never did pay for the drinks.
We have got to go down the tunnels now, I said.
Before Kevin fucking Nolan manages to kill the lot of them.
CHAPTER Ladbroke Grove WATCHING SEAWOLL in motion was always an education in and of itself.
Despite the s shouty guvnor, pickaxe handle, drink you under the table, fuck me, fuck you, old fashioned copper facade, he was bureaucratically speaking very light on his feet.
We were going to go in with CO, the armed wing of the Metropolitan Police, as backup.
I know that Nightingale would have preferred to use Caffrey and his merry band of ex paratroopers, but this was still a Murder Team investigation, and Seawoll had old fashioned views about extralegal, paramilitary death squads.
Besides, hed managed to prize a detachment loose by implying there might be a smidgen of terrorism involved.
The drawback to this being that DS Kittredge had to be notified, him being the CTC officer on the spot.
We all assembled on the west side of Westbourne Park Road, which Zach said was the closest sewer access.
It was dark, and the last dirty remnants of snow crunched under the weight of our size eleven boots as we decanted from the vehicles.
Shit, said Stephanopoulos as she skidded on a patch of ice.
Seawoll caught her elbow and steadied her.
Good thing I did not wear the high heels, she said.
Are you coming down with us, sir.
I asked Seawoll.
Do not be stupid, said Seawoll.
I am far too fucking senior to go down there.
It is strictly constables, sergeants, and lunatics.
We will keep the kettle on for you.
Nightingale was standing under a lamppost in a long oyster white Burberry coat that made him look like something from an old film.
All he was missing was a cigarette, a hat, and a doomed love affair with a suburban housewife.
Lesley stayed in the Sprinter van, where she could keep an eye on Zach and avail herself of the coffee thermos and the emergency packets of Hula Hoops.
I did not have the same luxury on account of this being my idea in the first place.
We were joined by Kittredge, who turned out to be a tall, thin man with a sour expression in a navy blue three piece suit although that might just have been a reaction to being out on Christmas Eve.
He actually had a sprig of mistletoe in his buttonhole, and I had sudden wistful thoughts of Dr.
Walid six hundred kilometers north in what I imagined to be the squat granite cottage of his ancestors, sitting in front of a roaring fire and toasting his family with a wee theologically unsound dram of the good stuff.
Kittredge frowned at me and turned to Nightingale.
We have a problem, he said.
The American.
asked Nightingale.
She seen too much, he said.
Then you know she must be taken care of, said Seawoll.
Funny, said Kittredge.
Who cares what the Yanks know.
asked Seawoll.
They are not going to give a fuck about all this voodoo shit.
Why should they.
That is not how it was explained to me, said Kittredge.
There are some things we are supposed to keep in the family.
Then I suggest we take our young American friend with us, said Nightingale.
Are you mad.
asked Kittredge.
God knows what the FBI going to make of it all.
Has not she seen too much already.
On the contrary, said Nightingale.
I do not think she seen enough.
Where is she now.
Kittredge gestured up the street.
Round the corner, he said.
Sitting in a red Skoda Fabia that she borrowed off the second trade attach wife nanny.
You are sure about that, sir.
I asked Kittredge.
I have had a whole team watching over her since they dug you out of the ground, he said.
Touch of the stable door, said Nightingale.
Do not you start, said Kittredge.
This was all routine until you were involved.
I have been keeping secrets since before you were born, said Nightingale.
You will just have to trust me on this.
Besides, the young lady is exceedingly clever.
So it is nothing she will not be able to work out for herself.
But at least she would not be an eyewitness, said Kittredge.
Fortunately, said Nightingale, seeing is not always believing.
He turned to me.
Why do not you go over and extend her an invitation.
I turned and strolled up the road humming the happy tune of the subordinate who knows that whatever shit hits the fan it was not him whod be blamed for turning the bloody thing on.
It would have been nice to sneak up on Reynolds and give her a shock, but a good rule of thumb is to never startle someone who might be equipped with a loaded firearm.
Instead I approached from the front and gave her a wave.
The annoyed look on her face she obviously thought shed ditched her surveillance was rewarding enough.
Got your sewer gear.
I asked as she climbed out of the car.
In the trunk, she said.
Are we going down again.
You do not have to, I said.
Give me five minutes to get ready.
IT MIGHT have taken Reynolds five minutes, but it took the rest of us about an hour, what with the milling around, strapping stuff on, and testing the equipment.
This time wed borrowed the appropriate waist high orange waders from a surly man from Thames Water.
The CO boys insisted on retaining their dark blue ballistic vests and helmets as well, which gave them the unfortunate appearance of modern ninjas whod given up on the whole stealth thing below the waist.
I was wearing a brand new stab vest but with a high visibility jacket over it.
I planned to avoid getting shot, through the deployment of peaceful diplomacy and, if that failed, by making sure I stayed back behind the guys with guns.
Zach said wed be better off without the guns, but that is the thing about armed police.
When you need them, you generally do not want to be hanging around waiting for them to arrive.
It was a good plan, and like all plans since the dawn of time, this would fail to survive contact with real life.
When we were ready, Seawoll gave us a farewell admonition not to fuck things up any worse than they were already.
Then he, Stephanopoulos, and Kittredge skived off to a nearby pub to set up a command center.
The surly man from Thames Water popped the manhole cover and bid us to help ourselves.
Nightingale went down first, followed by the officers from CO.
I followed them down with Zach behind me, while Lesley and Reynolds brought up the rear.
I recognized where we were the moment I got off the ladder.
It was the same intersection wed reached before an unknown assailant with a Sten gun had driven us over the duck board and tumbling down the weir, and on our way to Olympia and Chelsea Underground rave.
Then it had been a raging torrent.
This time it was merely damp and surprisingly fragrant, at least by the standards of London sewers.
Kumar was waiting for us.
You just could not stay away, I said.
It is warmer down here, he said.
I am surprised you came down at all.
So was I, to be honest, I had not wanted to go down the manhole, but once Id made myself do it I was all right.
It helped that I was surrounded by people I trusted.
As Conan the Barbarian famously said, That which does not kill us does not kill us.
Where to now.
I asked Zach.
He gestured down toward what I now knew was the North Kensington Relief sewer, far too low ceilinged to walk along upright.
The CO guys, who were understandably thrilled to be heading down a long straight pipe, wanted to wait until theyd fetched up a set of ballistic shields.
But Nightingale waved them back.
We will do a recce first, he said and gestured me and Zach to go with him.
The CO officers gave us pitying looks as we followed Nightingale into the tunnel.
Now, I have an allergic reaction to getting out in front of armed officers, but Zach did not seem bothered.
Either he was not expecting trouble or he had more faith in Nightingale than I did.
We made our way down the tunnel for about twenty meters when Zach told us to stop.
We have gone past it, he said.
Sorry.
We backed up two meters while Zach banged his fist at regular intervals on the left side of the tunnel.
He stopped suddenly and banged the same spot a few times.
This feels like it, he said.
I put my hand on the wall where hed smacked it.
There was definitely something like a flash of an open oven and that hint of the pigsty although given that we were in a sewer, it might have been from elsewhere.
Nightingale put his hand next to mine.
Extraordinary, he said.
How do we get in.
Like so, said Zach, and turning, put his back against the wall.
Then, bracing one foot on the opposite wall, he pushed backward, forcing a section of the wall to retreat into a recess.
The walls were smooth and coated with the same ceramic finish I recognized from the fruit bowl.
There was a dull click and the section behind Zach locked into place.
Not bad, huh.
he said and pointed upward.
Above him was an open hatch into darkness.
It is like a fire door, so it closes automatically.
Someone needs to hold it open while I climb up.
Nightingale lifted his hand and made a small gesture, and the movable bit of wall shifted slightly and clicked.
Zach gingerly shifted his shoulders.
Or you could do that, he said.
Nightingale called along the drain for the rest of the party to come up, leaving two of the CO officers to guard the junction and two more to man the tunnel.
Then he swarmed up through the hatch and, turning, reached down to help me up behind him.
I had a look around while Zach and Lesley followed us up.
We were in a space with the mean dimensions of a living room in a council flat, although the ceiling was low even by those standards.
Low enough for me to scrape my helmet if I did not watch it.
Watch your head, darling, Zach told Lesley as she came up.
At first I thought the walls were paneled with dark wood in the Victorian fashion, but I quickly realized that the color was wrong, too pale.
When I rapped the panels with my knuckles there was the unmistakable ring of ceramic.
But when I brushed them with my fingertips I felt wood grain and, mingled with that, tobacco smoke, beer, and whiskey.
I looked at Nightingale, who was frowning as he too touched the wall.
He caught me looking and nodded.
The air was still, musty, and dry.
We need to get on, he said, and what with Kumar, Reynolds, and the last two CO officers, it was getting a bit tight in there.
There was only one exit, a doorway framed with more fake ceramic wood.
Like the well behaved coppers we were, we let the CO officers go first.
After all, there really no point bringing them if you insist on standing between them and any potential targets.
The doorway led to a long corridor lined not with fake wood paneling this time but with a nasty mauve wallpaper.
If I needed any further indication that the Quiet People did not have much of a color sense, then that wallpaper was it.
At evenly spaced intervals were hung what looked like empty picture frames.
Nightingale put a hand on each of the CO officers shoulders.
Quickly and quietly, lads, he said.
Off we went, just as quietly as youd expect from people wearing half a ton of various types of gear between us.
Safety tip wading trousers not built for stealth.
We pulled up short of where the corridor ended in a T junction.
Which way now.
Nightingale asked Zach.
I do not know, he said.
This was not here last time.
I really wish you had not said that, said Lesley.
I was thinking of Space Hulk myself, but there are some things you do not say out loud in front of other police.
Nightingale did not hesitate.
He gestured at the CO officers and one went left and one went right.
Nightingale went with one and I went with the other.
There was a single gunshot, astonishingly loud in the confined space.
I threw myself back around the corner but Nightingale yelled, Hold your fire.
There was a long moment of silence in which I took the opportunity to pick myself up.
I believe that was a warning shot, said Nightingale.
Peter, if youd be so good as to ask Mr.
Palmer to come forward.
Zach vigorously shook his head, but Lesley put her hand on his back and eased him forward until he could stick his head around the corner.
Would you be kind enough to tell them we come in peace.
said Nightingale.
Do you think anyone has ever fallen for that one.
asked Zach.
I do not wish them to fall for anything, Mr.
Palmer, said Nightingale.
We need to establish an arrangement, or I fear things could become difficult.
What makes you think they will be interested.
asked Zach.
Had they wanted to, they could have shot us down already, said Nightingale.
The CO officer on the left cleared his throat.
We generally seek to deescalate these confrontations as soon as possible sir, he said.
The longer they go on, the greater the likelihood of a suboptimal outcome.
It was an impressive speech from a man who was obviously dying to retreat back the way hed come.
Duly noted, said Nightingale.
For God sake, Zach, I said.
Usually we can not get you to shut up.
Zach sighed and edged forward until he could look over Nightingale shoulder.
Yo.
he called.
Is Ten Ton around.
I have got a man here wants to talk to him.
We held our breath.
I heard a voice, nothing more than a whisper floating out of the dark.
Did you hear that.
asked Lesley.
Zach shushed her.
I am trying to listen here, he said, and then called over Nightingale shoulder, What was the last bit.
Lesley rolled her eyes but stayed quiet I still could not make out any words.
He says that the Nightingale and the soldiers got to stay out, but they will talk to the half caste, said Zach, looking at me.
That is you, by the way.
Why me.
I asked.
I do not know, said Zach.
Maybe they just do not rate you very highly.
You are certainly not proceeding on your own, said Nightingale.
We were in total agreement on that.
Half caste, I thought.
I had not heard that one in a while.
Not since Mum fell out with Aunty Doris, who having grown up in Jamaica in the s regarded political correctness as something that happened to other people.
If they were old fashioned about that, I figured, they might be usefully old fashioned in other ways.
Tell them we want to bring in a nurse, I said.
To make sure everyone is healthy.
What are you thinking, Peter.
asked Nightingale.
I turned back and beckoned to Agent Reynolds, who was at the back with Kumar.
Are you tooled up.
I asked her when she moved closer.
She looked puzzled for a moment and then nodded.
Lesley poked me in the arm.
Not without me, she said.
Two nurses, I told Zach.
To preserve their night vision, we were keeping our torches pointed away from the CO officers and Nightingale, but even half shadowed I could see he did not like the idea of sending women into danger.
Sir, I said.
Has to be done.
Nightingale sighed and nodded to Zach, who shouted out that he wanted to bring two nurses to meet them.
I still could not make out words in the reply, but after a couple more exchanges Zach blew out a breath and said they were willing to talk.
Who will we be talking to.
I asked.
Ten Ton, said Zach.
Maybe Ten Ton daughter.
Interesting, I said.
Who you are not going to try anything with, said Zach.
Why would I be trying it on with Ten Ton daughter.
I asked.
Just do not even think about it, said Zach.
No hanky panky with Ten Ton daughter, I said.
Got it.
What was all that about.
asked Lesley.
I have no idea, I said, but I thought I probably did.
If we are going, we might as well go now, said Zach.
He called out that we were coming and stepped out in front of the left hand CO officer.
As I followed him Nightingale told me to be careful.
That is the plan, I told him.
There a plan.
asked Reynolds.
We joined Zach.
As I shone my torch down the tunnel I thought I saw pale faces in the distance.
You want to be pointing your light down in front of you, said Zach.
Why that.
asked Lesley.
They have got sensitive eyes, he said.
WHEN YOURE police it is important to always convey the impression that you know more about what is really going on than any random member of the public.
The best way to achieve this is to actually know more about something than people think you do.
For example, I was pretty certain I knew where the Quiet People settlement was.
Me, Lesley, and Nightingale had taken to calling it a settlement because we did not like the demographic implications of the word village.
We were not that keen on the word hamlet either.
What if it is a town.
Lesley had asked during the preoperation briefing.
What if it is a city.
Let is hope not, said Nightingale.
Id suggested in that case we should hand the whole problem over to Tyburn.
Nightingale was not amused.
He said we should at least establish the scale of the problem before deciding what to do about it.
I did not point out that the Quiet People had managed to go at least years already without being a problem or at least a problem that affected the Queen Peace.
Which was more than can be said, historically speaking, for the place we thought they might be living under.
London was the world first megalopolis.
You can make a case for Beijing, Constantinople, or Rome, but for sheer fuck off insanely rapid expansion, London was to set the pattern followed by every big city that followed.
In the nineteenth century much of the city went west as the rich and the middle classes tried to escape the poor and the poor tried to escape the rats.
Landowners, many of them aristocrats, abandoned their mystical connection to the soil in droves and carved up their farmland into new housing estates.
Whole neighborhoods sprang up in Middlesex overnight, and all those villas, terraces, and cottages needed one thing bricks.
Millions of bricks.
Fortunately, a rich field of good yellow clay was found in a difficult to drain hollow west of Portobello Road.
The brick makers arrived and soon the freshly named Pottery Lane was lined with brick kilns and the ironically ramshackle houses of the potters.
Since nothing sets you up for a hard day making bricks better than a bacon sandwich, the pig keepers moved in their animals rooting amid the mud and refuse behind the kilns.
But a city is not built on bricks and bacon sarnies alone.
The other agent of London growth, the railways, thrust their iron fingers into the surrounding countryside.
To build them, an army of navvies was needed, and they went where the rents were lowest, the booze was handmade, and the police hardly ever happened.
The area became known as the Potteries and Piggeries.
It was where Eugene Beale and his butty gang of excavators lived in the years before they were rich.
And Eugene Beale had a nickname, a nom de building site, as it were.
It was Ten Ton Digger and I did not think it was a coincidence.
The centerpiece of the area had been an artificial lake full of pig shit known locally as the Ocean.
Because even the Victorians had some standards, when London finally swallowed up the area, the Ocean was turned into a park rather than more housing.
And I suspected that underneath it, where the good clay is, lay the village of the Quiet People.
They led us down a series of tunnels, all arched, all lined with smooth stoneware tiles.
It could have been a particularly drab tube station, except for the lack of lights and CCTV cameras.
The two skinny white boys in Adidas hoodies who guided us were familiar if not particularly reassuring.
Occasionally I got a glimpse of pale hands with long fingers as they gestured in which direction they wanted us to go.
They flinched away from our torches, despite the fact that they were wearing wraparound shades.
There was a noticeable breeze in one corridor, in another I swear I could hear the rattle of Laundromat dryers there was even the whiff of fabric softener.
One thing was for certain.
If they were the cannibalistic descendants of a lost tribe of navvies, they were at least better turned out than the ones in the film.
They seem to be getting much more relaxed, said Lesley as one of the hoodies waved us to stop outside a doorway.
That is because we are in their ends now, said Zach.
Ends.
asked Reynolds.
Manor, I said.
Patch, said Lesley.
Yard.
I tried when Reynolds still looked blank.
Hood, said Zach.
Gotcha, said Reynolds.
A hoodie leaned close to Zach and whispered in his ear.
He says we have to turn our torches off, said Zach.
Hurts their eyes.
We hesitated, all thinking the same thing.
I felt Lesley and Agent Reynolds shifting their stances, making some space, freeing up their arms, and in Reynolds case making sure her Glock was accessible.
We could not help it.
We are police situational paranoia is a professional requirement.
They make you sit an exam and everything.
Or we can just all go back, said Zach.
I am easy.
I took a breath, let it out, and turned my helmet light off.
Lesley and Zach followed suit, and finally Reynolds, muttering something under her breath, did the same.
I was all right for the first couple of seconds and then suddenly it was like I was back under the platform at Oxford Circus.
I heard myself beginning to pant, but even as I tried to control my breathing I started to shake.
A firm hand grasped my arm and then finger walked down to take my hand and squeeze I was sure it was Lesley.
I was so startled that I forgot to panic.
The big doors in front of us opened to reveal a room lit with a dim green light, and Lesley let go of my hand.
The room was large with a high domed ceiling from which hung a chandelier in which chemical glow sticks had been used instead of candles.
It was wall to wall Quiet People, packed in like commuters on a tube train.
They came in all shapes and sizes no children, I noticed but tended to the slender, with long pale faces and big eyes.
I saw at least two blondes but their hair was predominantly light brown.
They were definitely a distinct ethnic group, and I realized, belatedly, that Id done a classic bit of racist misidentification when I assumed the guy Id chased onto the train was the same one who shot at me.
For a mixed race Londoner who supposed to be a trained observer that was kind of embarrassing I blame the bloody hoodies they were wearing.
Zach warned us that the Quiet People would want to touch us.
Touch us where.
asked Lesley.
Just think of them like blind people, said Zach.
They are very tactile.
Great, said Lesley.
And you have to touch them back, said Zach.
Does not have to be a lot, just, you know, bit of brush, cop a bit of feel just to be polite.
Is there anything else youd like to share.
I asked.
Yeah, he said.
Do not raise your voice.
It is considered a bit of a faux pas.
He turned and walked into the room.
I followed him, and the touching started immediately.
It was not rough but there was nothing furtive about it.
I felt fingers run down my shoulders, a hand briefly caught my thigh, and the brush of fingertips on my lip made me sneeze.
Oh my God, I heard Lesley say behind me.
It is like being fifteen again.
To be polite I let the backs of my hands brush against people as I went past that seemed to satisfy.
They smelled exactly like everyone else, some of sweat, some of food, a whiff of beer, and a hint of pig shit.
At the center of the room was a narrow Victorian oak table.
It was made of real wood too.
After all the ceramic, I could practically smell it.
Waiting politely for us on the other side of the table was a tall thin man in a black bespoke suit cut with seventies lapels and a kipper tie.
His eyes were hidden behind a pair of aviator sunglasses, but his mouth lifted at the corners in wry humor.
The power that came off him slapped me in the chest like the best bass speaker ever invented.
Id felt nothing like it since the time Id come face to face with the Old Man of the River Father Thames himself.
But this was pride and sweat and pickaxes and the smell of steam.
The ringing of hammers and the heat of the kiln.
Oh shit, I thought, if this is not the Low King of the Dwarves then I am the President of the Cricklewood Branch of the Women Institute.
It all fit apart from the fact that he was not a dwarf, nor did he appear to be a king, and they made dinner plates, not swords or rings of power.
Still, definitely another bloody genius loci or something almost as powerful.
Nightingale was going to throw a fit.
Albeit in a restrained stiff upper lip fashion.
My name, whispered the man, is Mathew Ten Tons and this is my daughter Elizabeth.
Beside him stood a young woman in wraparound shades, light brown hair in a French plait that fell over one shoulder, narrow chin, small mouth, and a little snub nose that was barely enough to hold her glasses up.
Despite the green light, I saw that her skin was extraordinarily pale, almost translucent.
I also noticed that when she turned to us, Zach looked away.
The goblin boy yearns for a princess, I thought.
That is not going to end well.
Mathew Ten Tons indicated a monstrous leather upholstered and brass bound bench that ran the length of our side of the table and gestured for us to sit.
Elizabeth beckoned Lesley and Reynolds over so that they seated themselves opposite her.
As soon as we were all seated the people behind us crowded our backs.
Hands came to rest on my shoulders, back, and arms, smoothing my clothes, picking imaginary lint from my high visibility vest, and giving me a rather pleasant neck massage.
Classic grooming behavior, Dr.
Walid told me later, something our fellow primates indulge in to maintain troop cohesion.
Dr.
Walid said human beings use language for the same purpose which is why you find yourself talking total bollocks to people you meet at a bus stop and then wonder what the fuck did I do that for.
As I sat down, Ten Tons seized my hand and pulled me half across the table.
He examined my fingers and nails before turning it over and running a calloused palm over mine.
He gave a derisive snort at my palm smoothness, I assumed and released me.
At the other end of the table Elizabeth did the same with Reynolds and Lesley.
Zach hands went unfelt I suspected hed already been found wanting in the rough skin department.
Ten Tons leaned across the table until we were close enough for me to feel his breath on my cheek.
Would you like some tea.
he asked.
No thanks, I whispered.
I do not think we have time.
That was not the real reason, of course, but you do not insult your host at the first meeting.
Captain Picard would have been well pleased with me.
I glanced over to where Elizabeth, Reynolds, and Lesley sat with their heads almost touching I could not hear what they were talking about.
Suddenly they all turned to look at Zach who flinched.
Ten Tons caught my eye.
What is so urgent that it can not wait for tea.
Not waiting for tea, whispered a voice right behind my head, and then it was repeated by a different voice farther away, and then many voices murmuring into the distance like an echo.
Not waiting for tea.
Urgent.
I believe Kevin Nolan may be trying to kill you, I whispered, and behind me I heard it repeated across the room.
Kevin Nolan kill you.
Ten Tons lips twisted as he tried not to laugh.
I think you are very much mistaken, he whispered.
Kevin has never graced us with his presence.
He has a terrible fear of the quiet places.
Mistaken, presence, fear, whispered the chorus.
I do not think he planning to do it on purpose, I said.
Purpose, planning, thinking, whispered the chorus, and I would have paid good money for them to stop.
As his older brother told it to me, whispered Ten Tons.
Kevin would not harm a fly.
Beside me Zach snorted probably thinking of the beating hed got in Shepherd Bush.
I believe he supplied you with food contaminated with E.
coli, I whispered.
There was no repetition from the crowd, and when I saw the blank looks on the faces of both Ten Tons, I realized it was because they had not understood what Id just said.
The last delivery was tainted, I whispered, and the crowd took up tainted around me and Mathew Ten Tons looked shocked.
Are you certain of this.
he asked.
I had blowups of the pictures Lesley had taken of the pallets Kevin loaded onto his van.
Written on the side was Coates and Son, a wholesaler who had been told by the Food Standards Agency, that very morning, to stop trading but instead decided to flog off some of their stock cheap.
Which was why Kevin had bought it, stuffed it in the back of his Transit van, and delivered it to the Quiet People right in front of me and Lesley.
On my oath as an apprentice, I said, louder than I meant to.
And more important, has anyone eaten any of the food that came down the day before yesterday.
Ten Tons sat back, his chest heaved, his mouth gaped open, and he began making a staccato series of hissing sounds.
Then his face turned pink and, still hissing, he leaned forward and slapped his palm on the tabletop.
I flinched, torn between backing away or rushing forward to do the Heimlich maneuver, and I was just about to stand up when I realized he was laughing.
We do not eat that, he whispered once hed got his breathing under control.
We buy our groceries from the Jew.
Which particular Jew.
I asked.
Ten Tons reached out and touched his daughter arm to get her attention.
What is the name of the Jew again.
he asked her.
Elizabeth rolled her eyes at me.
Or at least I think she did.
It was hard to tell, what with the wraparound shades and all.
She whispered, Tesco, he talking about Tesco.
You shop at Tesco.
asked Zach, far too loudly.
They deliver, hissed Elizabeth.
You used to make me go out for stuff, whispered Zach.
Ten Tons was not liking that he frowned at his daughter, but she ignored him.
You were always offering to go, she whispered.
Like a friendly rat.
What is this.
asked Ten Tons, and grabbed Zach wrist.
You were speaking behind my back.
Oi.
I said in my speaking voice, and it rippled through the crowd around me like the downdraft from a helicopter.
Focus.
This is serious if you do not eat them, what is it you do with all those bloody vegetables.
I SMELLED them way before I met them.
There something distinctive about pig slurry.
Nothing else smells like it or lingers in your nostrils so long.
Like I said, they used to call the area the Potteries and Piggeries.
I thought about that and wondered whether Ten Tons ancestors had made the conscious decision to move their pigs underground.
Or had their sties slowly sunk beneath the ground like a Thunderbird arriving back at Tracy Island.
The latter, I decided when Ten Tons led me by the hand through a series of domed chambers, dimly lit by carriage lamps, each with its wallow, its trough, and its fat albino pigs.
The troughs were full of the kind of random greenery wed watched Kevin Nolan delivering two days ago.
Unsurprisingly, I was expected to put my hands on the bloody things.
Ten Tons practically shoved me at a vast sow, who was wallowing chin deep in mud.
Despite my mum being from a small village in the middle of a forest, I am not a country person.
I do not like my bacon sandwich to be curiously snuffling at my fingers.
But sometimes being police means holding your breath and fondling a pig.
The animal flesh under my hand was rough, warm, and disturbingly like human skin.
I gave an experimental scratch and heard the sow make an encouraging grunting noise.
Good pigs, I whispered to Ten Tons.
Very porky.
I swear I do not know where this stuff comes from sometimes.
Did E.
coli travel through the food chain.
I wondered.
I was going to have to find out.
I had to find a way of getting a health inspector down there who a would not freak out and b would not run screaming to the media, or worse, Thames Water.
It stank there.
But in an enclosed underground chamber I reckoned the smell should have killed us.
In the gloom I could make out the pale shapes of men, stripped to the waist, shoveling manure into wheelbarrows, which explained where the smell was going.
I remembered once chatting up a good looking Greenpeace activist during a protest in Trafalgar Square and shed told me, in more detail than I would have liked, that pig slurry was essentially useless as manure.
More like toxic waste from a factory, she said.
And the Quiet People could not have been dumping it in the Thames because Mama Thames would have come around and had a conversation about same.
What do you do with the pig shit.
I asked.
Ten Tons squeezed my forearm in what I was beginning to recognize as his way of expressing approval and drew me down a corridor lined with shiny white tiles.
Cleans up nice and easily, he whispered when I stopped to feel the slick surface.
We were following one of the guys with a barrow as he wheeled it up the corridor to a vaulted chamber lined with the same white tile.
There, he lifted a hatch in the floor and tipped the slurry down in one practiced movement.
With a rattle he seized a bucket of water placed nearby and sluiced down the wheelbarrow and the edges of the hatch.
Then he refilled the bucket from a tap mounted in the wall and wheeled his barrow back down the corridor, presumably for more shit shoveling.
As he went I saw another barrow wrangler heading toward us with another load of slurry.
When Ten Tons led me into the next room I thought I knew what I was going to see next.
I was wrong.
I looked up the figures later your average pig produces over ten times what a human does per kilo body weight, and given that these were big pigs, we were talking a shitload of pig shit.
Now, not only is that enough to drown in, but it is also the vilest smelling animal by product known to man which does not endear you to your neighbors.
But you can take that slurry and run it through what is called a horizontal plug flow reactor.
Pig shit goes in one end, some seriously good fertilizer comes out the other, and you get methane out the top.
It also gets rid of the smell, and some farms do it for that reason alone.
The thing is, in a cold climate like what we have got, you have to use most of the methane to maintain a useful operating temperature, which is why this technology has never taken off in Northern Europe.
It is the sort of sustainable low tech engineering favored by progressive development NGOs, Greenpeace, and middle aged men in leather patched tweed jackets.
I was expecting something simple.
What I got was a ten meter wall of brass pipework festooned with dials and gauges and stop valves.
Two older men in moleskin trousers, white shirts, and sleeveless leather jerkins were shading their pale faces while they worked two banks of brake levers, the kind I associate with old fashioned railway signal boxes.
A whistle blew, one of an ascending bank mounted near the center of the contraption, and one of the engineers stepped smartly over to a row of gauges.
He brushed his fingers around the face of the dial there was no glass before calmly pulling two levers in quick succession and turning a valve wheel a quarter turn to the left.
The whistle stopped.
My industrial chemistry had been leaking out of my head for over seven years, but enough of the basics remained for me to spot a cracking plant even one that had dropped out of a Jules Verne novel.
The Quiet People were refining their pig generated hydrocarbons on an industrial scale.
And that was when I realized that Tyburn was wrong.
There was no way we could allow the existence of the Quiet People to become general knowledge.
If the Health and Safety Executive did not close them down, then the inhabitants of one of the richest neighborhoods in London, which the bloody refinery was built under, would.
And the HSE would probably be right, because no doubt it had been built with the same concern for worker safety that made Victorian factories the happy places to work they were.
That was not counting what the farm welfare people would say about the pigs, or OFWAT about the connections to the sewage system, OFSTED about the children education if they even were educated or the Kensington and Chelsea Social Services or Housing.
The Quiet People would be swept away as quickly and with as little fuss as a pygmy tribe living in an inconveniently mineral rich part of a rain forest.
We are right proud of this, whispered Ten Tons, mistaking my sudden paralysis for awe.
I will bet, I whispered back, and asked him what it was all in aid of.
The answer turned out to be firing pottery as if I could not guess.
Ten Tons led me to a workshop where Stephen I was getting better at telling them all apart was throwing a pot on a wheel.
Watching were Agent Reynolds and Lesley, whod been led there by Elizabeth.
Lesley caught my arm, in the manner of our hosts, and pulled me down until she could whisper in my ear.
We can not stay here, she whispered.
Even Nightingale not going to wait much longer before he comes in.
And it would be with as many armed officers as he could muster.
Even in the dim light Lesley could read my face.
Yeah, she said.
And you should see the arsenal these guys have squirreled away.
You two are going to have to go back, I whispered.
And leave you here on your own.
she hissed.
If anything happens, I whispered, you can come back and get me.
Lesley turned my head so she could stare in my eyes.
Is this one of your stupid things.
she asked.
Did you get anything from Ten Tons daughter.
I asked.
Stephen is her fianc, whispered Lesley.
Or at least that is what her dad thinks.
But I reckon Stephen wants to go outside the tribe.
I glanced over at Stephen, who did not, I noticed, wear sunglasses.
He did not seem worried by bright lights.
Less sensitive or just less inhibited.
Lesley explained that it was a love triangle, or possibly a rectangle, but either way a scandal by the standards of the Quiet People, who were living in what Lesley described as Jane Austen last bunker.
Elizabeth was betrothed to Stephen, but in light of his neglect, the young princess fancy was caught by the dashing and debonair cousin from across the sea.
Ryan Carroll.
I asked.
She obviously likes the artistic type.
Oh, she does, whispered Lesley.
Only farther across the sea than Ireland.
Handsome, American, son of a senator, slightly dead.
James Gallagher.
Did they ever.
Elizabeth had been far too refined to say it outright but Lesley and Reynolds were pretty certain that some snogging had taken place, at the very least.
I remembered the way Zach could not look Elizabeth in the face unrequited in love.
That was a great big square on the Police Bingo Board I did a quick check to make sure Zach had not sloped off while we were distracted.
He was still with us and still gazing at Elizabeth.
No cuts on his hand, I whispered, but maybe he healed fast.
We will know when the DNA results come through, whispered Lesley.
If it is him, then Special Agent Reynolds is going to be so smug.
We checked to make sure Reynolds was not listening on the sly, but she was staring at Stephen in what looked a lot like awe.
I looked down at the pot he was working on.
It was glowing with a soft luminescence that, if you are me or Lesley, was a little bit familiar.
All right, said Lesley in a normal speaking voice.
That explains a lot.
And I found myself unexpectedly looking at a totally complete bingo card.
I need you to go back to Nightingale right now, I whispered.
You can leave Zach with me.
This is one of your stupid plans, is not it.
she whispered.
I told her not to worry, and it was all going to be fixed in time for Christmas dinner.
I am giving you sixty minutes.
Her breath tickled my ear.
And then I am coming back in with the SAS.
I will be out in half an hour, I whispered back.
I had it sorted in less than twenty minutes because I am just that good.
CHRISTMAS DAY CHAPTER Sloane Square HE WAS the best kind of suspect, the one who thinks he got away with it.
Not only does it make them easy to find, but you get that great look on their face when they open the door and find you standing outside.
Hed been staying in a friend semi in Willesden, and as luck would have it, he opened the door himself.
Ryan Carroll, I said.
You are under arrest for the murder of James Gallagher.
His eyes flicked from my face to Stephanopoulos, then over my shoulder to Reynolds, whom wed brought along as an observer, and to Kittredge, whod come along to keep an eye on her.
For the briefest moment I could see he considered running, but then the sheer futility sunk in and his shoulders sagged.
Now, that is a Christmas present.
I finished the caution and led him to one of the waiting cars.
We did not bother to handcuff him, which surprised Agent Reynolds.
Kittredge told her it was Metropolitan Police policy to avoid handcuffing suspects unless physical restraint is necessary thus avoiding the risk of chafing, positional asphyxiation, and injury sustained by falling over your own feet and smacking your face into the pavement.
It was most assuredly not because Id forgotten to pick up my handcuffs.
WE SAT him down in the interview room, set him up with some plain digestives and a cup of tea, let him settle for five minutes, and then I went in.
Seawoll reckoned we had about half an hour before his solicitor arrived so no pressure.
I introduced myself, sat down, and asked him if he needed anything.
His face was pale and drawn and his hair was damp with sweat, but his eyes were blue and alert behind his spectacles.
Did I ask for my lawyer.
he asked.
I am sure I still have all sorts of human rights.
I indicated that he had, and that we expected his solicitor along any minute.
But in the meantime, I said, I thought wed have a chat about the things that probably will not make it into court.
Such as what, exactly.
he asked.
Obviously he was regaining his balance.
I could not be having that.
The Quiet People, I said, and he looked genuinely blank, which was a worry.
Dark glasses, pale skin, live in the sewers, keep pigs and make pots.
Any of this ringing a bell.
Oh, he said.
You mean the Whisperers.
Is that what you call them.
I asked, and thought that what we needed was some bloody agreement about nomenclature.
An EU directive perhaps, looking to harmonize the terminology appropriate to the uncanny on a Europewide basis.
Maybe not it would probably end up all being in French.
Did you not notice all the whispering.
he asked.
And the groping, I said.
He gave me a half smile.
That was more in the way of a perk, he said.
You do not seem very surprised that we are talking about it, I said.
A race of people living under West London like Morlocks, he said.
Your actual Victorian submerged nation complete with flat caps and steam engines.
I am Irish so I am not really that surprised to find that the British security apparatus extends even there.
You would be if you bloody worked for it, I said.
He smiled thinly.
If you know about the Whisperers, he said, what exactly is it you want from me.
You understand that no matter what, you are going to get done for the murder of James Gallagher, I said.
I understand nothing of the sort, he said, but he unconsciously slipped his right hand, with it is fresh bandage, out of sight under the table.
Hed worn fingerless gloves at the Tate Modern, not an affectation but a disguise.
We have the wounds on your hand, which match the murder weapon.
In twelve hours we will have the DNA results, which will match the swab you gave ten minutes ago to the blood we found on the aforesaid weapon.
I paused to let that sink in.
As soon as we knew there were other entry points into the system we pulled the CCTV footage from cameras around Bayswater and Notting Hill.
Sooner or later we will break your alibi.
According to Holmes, Ryan Carroll had given a statement the day after Id met him and his alibi was one Siobhn Burke, who claimed to have been sleeping with him on the night in question.
Whether or not Ms.
Burke faces charges of aiding and abetting after the fact, I said, rather depends on the outcome of this conversation.
That was an outright lie.
Stephanopoulos would be using the threat of a perjury charge to get Siobhn Burke to flip on Carroll, but we figured hed respond better if he thought he was the center of attention.
We will use your ego against you if we can we are not proud.
This approach, trying to roll over your suspect before their lawyer arrives, is high risk and I could practically hear Seawoll grinding his teeth from next door where he was no doubt monitoring the interview.
I suspected that Stephanopoulos was also watching, and definitely Nightingale, and probably Agent Reynolds, in which case Kittredge would be there to keep an eye on her.
For an interview that was not officially taking place, there were not half a lot of witnesses.
That is low, he said.
Even for the police, that is low.
My point, Ryan, I said, is that we do not need anything more to send you down.
But we do want to know why.
So we are giving you this opportunity to get it off your chest and satisfy our curiosity.
You want to keep this secret, do not you.
he asked.
I do not suppose there a deal on offer.
No such luck.
I said.
Seawoll had made that much clear.
What if I was to threaten to use it as part of my defense, he said.
Have it all out in open court.
Try keeping your secrets then.
You can give that a go if you like, I said.
Strange little men living in the sewers, keeping pigs and making pots.
My money on you ending up in Broadmoor with a Thorazine drip.
Thorazine, said Ryan.
That is so last century.
You get Clorozil and Serdolect these days.
He sighed.
No doubt you have it all sewn up, a nod and a wink and it is like the story never existed.
I tried not to show my relief.
I mean, we might have been able to keep a lid on it, but the thing about a secret conspiracy is that it never stays secret for long.
Tyburn was right about one thing I did not think the status quo was going to be an option much longer.
What led you down there in the first place.
I asked.
To the Whisperers, you mean.
he said.
Oh, family tradition.
We may have all been a proper bourgeois Catholic family of lawyers and doctors, but we kept alive the memory of my great great grandfather Mathew Carroll.
Old farmyard digger himself.
Who, like Eugene Beale and the Gallagher brothers, had headed for England and worked on the canals, tunnels, and railways.
So I was hearing stories about the whispering men from an early age, said Ryan.
Not that I believed any of it.
Is that why you came to London.
I asked.
He leaned back in his chair and laughed in a way that reminded me of Ten Tons.
I am sorry, no, he said.
No offense, but it is not everyone dearest wish to come to London.
I had a perfectly serviceable career in Dublin.
And yet here you came, I said.
You have to understand what it was like riding the Celtic Tiger, said Ryan.
For so many years wed been this joke of a country and suddenly we were it, Dublin was where it was happening.
All at once there were coffee shops and galleries and more than one kind of pub.
People were immigrating to live in Ireland, and not just by accident either.
Ryan looked at me and may have detected a distressing lack of sympathy on my part because he leaned forward and said, The thing about the international art market is that the market part of it is essentially dictated by the superrich and the people who suck their dicks for a living.
He mimed sucking a dick and it was funny I laughed.
But the art part of the international art market is done by yours truly and other people like me your actual artist, he said.
And for us it is all about the expression of the He faltered and waved his hand.
the expression of the inexpressible.
There no point asking what a piece of work means, you know.
If we could express it in words do you think we would have spent all that time bisecting a cow or pickling a shark.
Do you think bisecting a cow is somebody idea of a fun fucking afternoon.
And then to have stupid people come up to you and say, It is very interesting, but is it art.
yes, it is fucking art.
Do you think I am planning to eat the fecking thing.
He sipped his tea and frowned.
God, I wish Id asked for some vodka.
Is there any chance of a vodka.
I shook my head.
Did you ever bisect a cow.
I asked.
Only on a dinner plate, said Ryan.
I do not mind getting my hands dirty but I draw the line at feces and dead animals.
The hands are important, feeling the medium you are working with.
Did you take art at school.
Drama, I said.
But you must have played with plasticine right.
When I was a kid, I said.
Do you remember the feeling as it squeezed through your fingers.
he asked, but he did not wait for an answer.
And you must have worked with clay at least once in your life.
I told him I had and that I remembered the slick texture of the clay beneath my fingers and the excitement I felt when it went into the kiln for firing.
I did not mention that nothing I made ever seemed to survive the firing process, usually exploding and often taking other people work with it.
After a while the art teacher, Mr.
Straploss, just refused to let me do pottery.
It was one of the reasons I took drama instead.
Ryan claimed that it is the relationship between the artist and his materials that drove the art.
It may look like just a collection of random junk to you, he said, but there always something.
When I was about sixteen I suddenly understood that I wanted to find the meaning in those juxtapositions to push the way I saw the world out through the aperture of what little talent I had.
Can you understand that.
Yeah, definitely, I said, and before I could stop myself, added, I wanted to be an architect.
Ryan mouth actually dropped open.
An architect.
What happened.
I was taking the right A levels, I said, but I was told that my draftsmanship was not good enough.
I thought it was all done on computers these days, he said.
I shrugged.
Id done my best to bury that bit of my life, and I really was not going to talk about it with half a dozen police listening in.
It was more complicated than that, I said.
What about you.
Oh, me.
he said.
I had the luck of the Irish.
I was the right boy in the right place at the right time.
I burst upon the scene just as Dublin acquired a scene worth bursting upon.
I was mad keen on Japan and China and India.
Seeing a theme yet.
Anything hot and exotic.
Apparently they ate it up in Dublin in the roaring years of the Celtic Tiger.
The Irish had the bit between their teeth and nothing was going to stop them.
Not the British, not the Catholic Church, and especially not ourselves, said Ryan.
And I was close, almost there, local boy makes good.
And then it all went away.
There was the credit crunch, the bank bailout, and suddenly it was like it never happened.
And the worst thing was, said Ryan, I think people were pleased that it had all gone down the crapper.
Ah, well, they said, nothing lasts forever.
And they put the old Ireland back on like an ancient, worn, but comfortable pair of shoes the bastards.
He smacked his empty teacup down on the table.
Two more years and Id have been international one year if Id known there was a rush.
So you came to London to make your fortune.
I asked.
Youd like to think that, you English bastard, would not you.
he said, but without rancor.
Truth is, I wanted to go to New York but you need to have a certain weight, artistically speaking, to make it in the city that never sleeps.
So London here I come, and I have to say this about your bloody city war, depression, peace, or whatever London is always London.
This was all very interesting, but I was intensely aware that Ryan lawyer was fast approaching, and Seawoll had been adamant that once it was all legal, no one was ever going to bring up any weird shit whatsoever.
As far as the Murder Team was concerned, they had Ryan Carroll bang to rights and did not need to know anything else.
But I had to know if I was right and this was going to be my last chance.
So you made contact through the Beales.
I asked.
Oh yes, the Anglo Irish Beales with the emphasis strictly on the Anglo, said Ryan.
They put me onto the Nolans, who introduced me to Stephen, and down I went into the very bowels of the earth.
I watched him make a fruit bowl, a really plain boring fruit bowl.
He shaped the clay, he let it dry, and in the kiln it went.
Ryan grinned.
You know they run their kilns on pig farts.
Very modern, but we are talking secret subterranean race here so I am expecting something a little bit more than pig farts.
He wagged a finger at me.
I know you know what is coming next, because I saw the way you reacted to the work at my show.
He folded his arms.
Oh, the herd felt something.
But you you recognized it.
Magic, I said.
The real thing, said Ryan.
And like me, once hed seen it in action, there was no way he was not going to try to learn it.
So Stephen set out to teach Ryan how to make an unbreakable pot, and incidentally imbue it with enough vestigia to give any interested art lovers what Ryan called a glimpse into the numinous.
What he had not counted on was that learning how to do it would take months.
But I will bet money you know that already, do not you.
said Ryan.
Stephen described the process to Ryan as singing a song in your head while you worked.
You worked the clay, sang the song in your head, and somehow that made it magical.
Month after month I was down there, drinking tea, fondling the clay, and singing in my head, said Ryan.
But being an artist is like being a shark you have got to keep moving or you drown.
So I asked Stephen to make the faces, the ones you saw at the Tate, to my specification, and that is what he did.
How did you get the emotional content.
I asked.
And what did Stephen get in return.
I just told him to think about how each face made him feel.
Imagine my surprise when they popped out of the kiln emoting like actors.
Ryan shook his head.
Stephen got paid.
I asked him whether that was not cheating but he just sighed in an exaggerated way and told me not to be so bourgeois.
I did not make the manikins either, or any of the other found objects I used.
Art is about producing something more than the sum of the parts.
He waved his hand dismissively, and I thought You are not fooling anyone but yourself.
And James Gallagher arrived around this time.
I asked.
Like a bad smell, said Ryan.
Do not you hate Americans.
Not that James was a bad guy.
I never thought he was a bad guy.
But he arrives with his money and his family, and I will be honest he was a fair painter if your tastes run to the old fashioned.
Send him back to the La Belle poque and hed have been knee deep in Parisian pussy within a week.
And he had to be branching out into ceramics, he had to be strolling into Ryan own hitherto secret world.
But Ryan could have lived with all of that if James bloody Gallagher had not been better at singing in his head as well.
Not that he just sat down and did it the first time, you understand, said Ryan.
It was me that got him settled, showed him the ropes, pointed out where the loo was.
How long did it take him to learn.
About three weeks, said Ryan.
I felt him do it, but you know what.
As he sang the song, I did too.
In my head.
Suddenly it was so simple.
And we sang together, sort of both of us with the clay running between our fingers, and for that moment I was in tune with the fabric of the universe.
I was singing along with the actual music of the spheres.
But the proof of the pudding is in the baking.
So the next day both of them rushed back down the sewers for the grand ceremonial opening of the kiln.
For Stephen it is an industrial process, said Ryan.
Just another day at the office, so we had to wait while he cleared out all the make work until finally he gets to the layer where our plates are.
He smiled at the memory.
And there they are beautifully fired, both of them.
When Stephen put it in my hand, still warm, I knew it was mine.
I could feel it through my skin.
James and I look at each other and we just start laughing like little kids.
Ryan trailed off and stared down at his hands.
He turned his right hand over and rubbed absently at the bandage for a moment.
They test their work by banging it against the side of the kiln, he said without looking up.
So we did the whole you first no you first routine and Jimmy boy gets fed up and cracks his plate against the edge of the kiln the edge, mind you and it rings as sweet as a bell.
Ryan looked up.
You can guess what happened next.
I suddenly realized Id talked myself into a trap if the plate had broken in his hands then it could explain the cuts on his palm and possibly, if his solicitor was clever, the DNA evidence as well.
Yours smashed to pieces.
I asked.
No, said Ryan.
It cracked.
And I swear I could hear all of them breathing out suddenly, all the way from the monitoring room next door.
But from an art point of view it would have been better if it had smashed, he said.
James looked at me then and it was in his eyes, that Oh well, bad luck you look.
My failure made his success taste all the sweeter it is an American thing.
I looked back at him and I think he must have seen it in my eyes, what was coming next, because he made his excuses and left.
Ryan looked back down at his hands.
He ran, I chased, we got lost, I hit him with the plate, it broke, he tried to walk away I stabbed him in the back.
Is that what you wanted to hear.
It was more than I wanted to hear, but police work is all about the details so I stayed another half an hour going over what he could remember of the chase and the exact sequence of events around the stabbing.
None of it was admissible, but it could be used by the Murder Team to double check the official statements.
After that Nightingale sent me and Lesley back to the Folly to sleep.
By that time in the morning the slush covered streets were empty and cold.
As we turned into Charing Cross Road Lesley put her hand on my shoulder and said, You did some proper policing there Merry Christmas.
LATE CHRISTMAS morning one of Lesley sisters turned up to drive her out to Brightlingsea, where, I was informed, there would be the traditional turkey, crackers, and family squabbles.
Nightingale reported that Agent Reynolds had been invited home by an evangelical family at the embassy for much the same experience, only with more cranberries and hopefully fewer arguments.
Kumar and Zach spent Christmas delivering Christmas presents to and taking medical samples from the Quiet People, and voil, another unwritten ad hoc arrangement was added to the metaphorical book in which we presumably keep them.
Nightingale presented me with a small package neatly wrapped in silver paper.
He stood waiting with suspicious casualness but I was not fooled.
I was tempted to pretend I was going to open it later, but you should not be that cruel on Christmas.
Unwrapped, it turned out to be an original stainless steel Omega, antique, black and silver, automatic winding and therefore magic proof, and worth about seventy to eighty times what Id bought him.
Which was a slim line Nokia, modified to have a battery interrupt and preprogrammed with every relevant number I could think of including the commissioner, the mayor, and his tailor, Dege Skinner of Savile Row.
I caught up with my parents at Aunty Jo.
She not really my aunty, but my mum and her go back all the way to when they were at school in Kambia together.
She has a big house off Holloway Road and a large number of kids, all of whom went to university, that she likes to show off every Christmas.
Notice the whom there who says I do not know my grammar.
Anyway, me and my parents go there every year and essentially eat and drink until we explode.
I invited Nightingale but he said he could not leave Molly alone on Christmas day and it was not until I was squashed onto the sofa and watching the Christmas episode of Doctor Who that I realized he had not said precisely why.
BOXING DAY AND BEYOND CHAPTER Tottenham Court Road WE WENT in mob handed, Nightingale in front, backed by me and Lesley in our riot gear.
Behind us was a stream of backup including some reliable TSG guys, Guleed, Kumar, and right at the back, Stephanopoulos so if something went wrong wed have someone responsible to clear up any mess.
Nightingale did not say, but I suspected that even farther back was a nondescript Transit van filled with former members of the Parachute Regiment.
I did not worry about them, though, because in the event that they had to be involved I was likely to be past caring.
Id been right about the Faceless Man relocating his base under cover of the Crossrail works.
It is amazing what you can come up with when you are buried under a ton of concrete, although I do not recommend it as an aid to memory.
Kumar and Nightingale cruelly interrupted Christmas dinner for Graham Beale and several other engineering contractors and compared their plans until they found an anomaly an excavation at the end of Dean Street that only appeared on one set of plans.
They made that discovery at about the same time my mum squared off for the traditional Christmas row with her sister.
My dad usually nodded off by this point, and me and all the other nieces, nephews, and cousins pile into the kitchen to eat the leftovers and pretend to do the washing up.
One thing you never get with my relatives is leftover turkey, but that year there was some serious smoked ham that I had with French mustard.
I was thankful they held off for twelve hours before organizing the raid, because I doubt after that much Christmas dinner I would have moved too fast.
Access was via the basement of an International Money Transfer shop on Dean Street.
We did not wait and use a ram.
Instead Nightingale employed a nifty spell that caused all the hinges and attachment points on a reinforced fire door to simultaneously pop out of the frame so that the door itself toppled slowly backward into the corridor.
He signaled me to wait before darting through there was a long moment and then he told us to move in.
It was a cylindrical shaft six meters across and twenty meters deep.
The door gave in at the top, from where a modern metal staircase with sensible handrails spiraled around the circumference down to the base.
It had been hiding in plain sight, marked on the construction blueprints as an emergency access shaft for the far end of the Crossrail passenger platforms.
What it looked like to me was an inverted wizard tower, but I kept that to myself.
There was an open frame lift, like the ones used on building sites, that nobody wanted to be the first to use just in case of booby traps.
The shaft was adjacent to the smaller shaft located at the end of Dean Street that Graham Beale brother had been found at the bottom of.
No floors, said Lesley.
They have not been installed yet, I said.
You can see the points where the load bearing beams were going to slot in.
What is with him.
asked Guleed.
He once arrested an architect, said Kumar.
At the bottom, placed in the exact center of the bare cement floor, was a double sized inflatable mattress of the type people take camping.
It had been neatly made up with blue and white striped sheets and pillowcases, a duvet in a matching cover, clean, crisp meticulously turned over.
Next to it was parked an empty wheelchair, and under the covers was Albert Woodville Gentle, my personal number one suspect for the first Ethically Challenged Magician the Faceless Man mentor.
He was lying on his back, eyes closed, hands folded across his chest dead for about three days, Stephanopoulos reckoned, a timeline confirmed by Dr.
Walid, who rushed down from Aberdeen the next day.
Natural causes, he reported after the tests came in.
Exacerbated by severe hyperthaumaturgical necrosis.
Which was the next step up from hyperthaumaturgical degradation.
So magic had put him in that wheelchair.
He made a point of having Nightingale, Lesley, and me in the lab when he did his brain transects presumably as an awful warning.
Nightingale said that Dr.
Walid always got excited when he had a new brain to play with.
But all that came days later.
While we were still waiting for the forensic people, Lesley asked the question that had been bugging me.
Why no demon traps.
If it had been me, Id have left a nasty surprise in hope of taking us all out.
Nightingale looked around.
Our ethically challenged magician is far too careful to return here, he said.
Whatever plans he may have had regarding this place, I suspect he changed them shortly after your derring do on the rooftop in Soho.
He did not seem that worried, I said.
Contemptuous, yes.
Worried, no.
As I said, said Nightingale, careful.
I suspect he instructed the nurse to bring Old Albert here and then abandon him a message to us, I suppose.
Do you think we can find the nurse.
I asked.
She dead, said Lesley.
Or worse.
He not going to leave any loose ends.
That was not going to stop us from looking.
CHAPTER Biggin Hill BIGGIN HILL Airport is far enough out of London for there to be fields and woods and snow on the ground.
Once a famous RAF base, it is now the favored landing spot for private jets of the kind of people Ryan Carroll believed drove the art market.
A close friend of the senator had lent him his private jet so he could fly his son home on the day after Boxing Day.
Agent Reynolds was hitching a lift with the senator and I drove down that morning to see her off.
I found her in the severely monochrome departure lounge, all white furniture, gray carpet, and frosted glass tabletops.
Her suit was neatly pressed and she looked rested and alert.
She offered to buy me a drink with the last of her sterling, so I had a lager.
Where the senator.
I asked as I sat down.
He in the RAF chapel, she said.
His son not.
No, said Reynolds and sipped her drink.
He already safely on board the jet.
How is the senator.
I asked.
Better for having his son murderer caught, she said.
I will not use the word closure if you do not, I said.
Do you think he was mentally unstable.
she asked.
James.
I asked.
No Ryan Carroll, she said.
James had that book, perhaps he was worried about Ryan, not about himself.
It is plausible, I said.
But I would not tell his father.
I doubt he wants to think his son death was avoidable.
Reynolds sighed.
Outside, a jet shot down the runway and climbed steeply into the sky.
How much will you tell him.
I asked.
You mean, said Reynolds, will I tell him about the what do you call it.
Magic, I said.
You just come right out and say magic.
she asked.
Like it is no big deal.
Would you prefer a euphemism.
I asked.
When did you discover magic was real.
asked Reynolds.
Last January, I said.
January.
she squeaked, and then, in a more normal tone, As in twelve months ago.
Pretty much, I said.
You find out that magic and spirits and ghosts are all real, she said.
And you are just fine with that.
You just accept it.
It helps that I have got a scientific brain, I said.
How can that possibly help.
I met a ghost face to face, I said with more calmness than Id felt at the time.
It would have been stupid to pretend it did not exist.
Reynolds waved her scotch at me.
As easy as that.
she asked.
Maybe not, I said.
But most people believe in the supernatural ghosts, evil spirits, an afterlife, a supreme being, stuff like that.
Magic is less of a conceptual leap than you might imagine.
Conceptual leap.
said Reynolds.
Your FBI file underestimated your education.
I have an FBI file.
Nightingale was not going to like that.
You do now, said Reynolds and laughed.
Relax, it is in the friendly pile and it is going to be a very slim file, given that I am going to leave out the most interesting thing about you.
My preternatural good looks, I said.
No, the other stuff, she said.
You are not drinking your beer.
What about your report.
I asked, and took a swallow of beer to mask my anxiety.
She gave me a cool look.
You know perfectly well that I am going to have to leave out the Quiet People, the Rivers, and the rest of the Harry Potter stuff, she said.
You do not think your governors will believe you.
I asked.
That is why you took me with you, is not it.
Because you knew the more outlandish it was, the less likely I was to put it in my report.
Reynolds shook her head.
I do not know whether they believe in magic, but I know for a fact they believe in psychological evaluations.
I like my job and I have no intention of giving them an excuse to sidetrack me.
Which reminds me, I said and fished the two trackers Id retrieved from beneath the Asbo and Kevin Nolan van.
These are yours, I believe.
Nothing to do with me, said Agent Reynolds.
Unauthorized electronic surveillance of a foreign national in a friendly country.
That would be a violation of Bureau policy.
She grinned.
Can you use them yourself.
No problem, I said, putting them away.
Think of them as a Christmas present, she said.
A woman in a pilot is uniform approached Reynolds and informed her that it was time to board.
We finished our drinks and I walked her down to the departure gate.
I have always traveled from big airports, so this was my first chance to wave someone off from the tarmac.
The waiting jet was long and slim, painted white and sliver, and seemed much larger close up than Id expected.
Good luck, I said.
Thank you, she said and kissed me on the cheek.
I watched to make sure the jet was on its way before heading for the car park.
One less thing to worry about, I thought.
Perhaps I would get to see the match that afternoon after all.
I do not know why I bother, I really do not, because at that exact instant my phone rang and a voice identified herself as a British Transport Police inspector and asked did I know a certain Abigail Kamara and could I be a dear and come down to the BTP headquarters in Camden and please take her away.
As it happened, Id already been planning for just this sort of eventuality.
But Id counted on having more time to butter up Nightingale first.
I said I would certainly be around to get her just as soon as I cleared some things with my boss.
The inspector thanked me and wished me a Happy New Year.
CHAPTER Mornington Crescent I FOUND Abigail in an interview room eating Burger King and reading a month old copy of Jackie.
The BTP had discovered her in the tunnel under my old school, committing an act of vandalism.
By rights she should have been returned home in disgrace with possible charges pending, but shed dropped my name and the BTP was seized by the spirit of goodwill or, more likely, a desire to avoid the paperwork involved.
I sat down opposite her and we stared at each other she broke first.
I was finishing off the graffiti, she said.
You know, the one the ghost was writing.
In the tunnel where the Hogwart is Express goes.
Before he, you know, squished Why.
I reckoned that if he got his message out he might get closure and move on, she said.
I did not ask where she thought the ghost would move on to.
I thought it would be a nice Christmassy thing to do, she said.
It is the day after Boxing Day, I said.
We had to spend Christmas with Uncle Bob in Waltham Forest, she said.
I got a new coat like it.
It was blue, quilted, and several sizes too big.
I have got you a Christmas present too, I said.
Really.
she said and then gave me a suspicious look.
What kind of present.
I handed it over and watched while she meticulously unpeeled the Sellotape before removing and neatly folding the paper.
Id given her a Moleskine reporter style notebook that looked almost exactly like the black notebook everyone thinks the police use, only we do not.
And even if we did, wed be much too cheap to buy Moleskines wed get them from Niceday instead.
What am I supposed to do with this.
she asked.
You are going to make notes in it, I said.
Anything you notice that you think is unusual or interesting Like the ghost.
Like the ghost, I said.
Except you are not to get on the train tracks, or break into private property, or stay out all night, or put yourself in danger in any shape or form.
Can I bunk off school.
she asked.
No, you cannot bunk off school.
I am not sure I am really understanding the positive aspects of this arrangement, said Abigail.
Every Saturday you come down to my office in Russell Square and we go over your notes and we develop action plans based on what you have observed, I said.
That sounds exciting, she said.
Which will include follow up investigations and joint field trips to verify any information you bring back.
I gave her a moment to decode what Id said.
Is that a bit more appealing.
Nightingale had been horrified by the whole idea when I broached it before coming down to make the pitch.
What are you proposing.
hed asked.
A Girl Guides troop.
I told him that was an absurd notion, not least because wed never satisfy the health and safety requirements for running a troop of Girl Guides.
Nightingale said that health and safety was not the point.
Think of it as a boxing club, I said.
You know the boys are going to smack each other in the face anyway, so you might as well channel it into something disciplined.
Abigail going to be out there looking, so we might as well make use of it and at least this way we can keep an eye on her.
Nightingale could not argue with the logic, but he put his foot down on one issue.
You are not to teach anybody magic, he said.
In the first instance you are far too reckless in who you expose to the art, and in the second you just are not qualified to teach.
Anyone learning from you is bound to pick up your sloppy form and those embellishments you find so amusing.
So I want you to swear now, as my apprentice, that you will not pass on the art to another without my express permission.
I so swore.
If it becomes necessary I will teach Abigail the forms and wisdoms myself, he said, and then smiled.
Perhaps she will prove a more diligent student than yourself, in any case.
Now I watched Abigail shift in her seat as she gave the proposition some thought.
Do I get badges.
she asked.
What.
Badges, she said.
You know, like in the Guides like Fire Safety and First Aid, or Party Planner.
Party Planner what is that for.
What do you think it is for.
Do you want badges.
Abigail bit her lip.
Nah, she said.
That would be stupid.
Which was a pity, I thought, badges might be fun Fireball Proficiency, Werelight, Latin, and the ever popular Fatal Brain Hemorrhage.
Do we have a deal or not.
Deal, she said, we shook on it, and I drove her home.
On the way she asked if she could tell me something even if it sounded stupid and I reassured her that she could tell me anything.
And I promise not to laugh, I said.
Unless it is funny.
When I was down under the school, she said, I met a talking fox.
