he laughed against my skin and bent his head to my nipple, taking it in his mouth and nipping at it.
he pushed in and out slowly now and reached down to my clit.
i moaned as he pressed his thumb against it and tried to push my hips away from him and back into the wall.
too much, wildcat.
he stood straight and stared into my eyes.
yes.
he quirked a smile and kept rubbing my clit.
too bad.
i dug my nails into his shoulders as he picked up his pace and moved one hand to my ass, fucking me harder as our bodies slapped together, the water splashing and warming the goose bumps along my skin.
he pinned me with his gaze, forcing me to watch him as he fucked me against the wall.
i could not look away from him, did not want to.
i relaxed my legs so he could go even deeper, fully opening to him as i submitted to his touch.
that is it wildcat.
he sped his pace on my clit, making my pussy constrict even tighter around his thick cock.
i leaned my head back against the wall and he put his forehead to mine, keeping his cock deep and pumping in shorter strokes.
his chest pressed into me, my nipples sliding against his slick skin and making my body buzz with anticipation.
michael, please.
i am so close.
he groaned.
going to come on my cock again.
please.
my stomach clenched, my hips stilling as the orgasm crested.
right when i started to moan and my pussy clamped down on him, he grunted and pushed deep inside.
his eyes bored into mine as we came together.
michael, michael, i said his name on repeat as my pleasure washed over me.
he slowed his thrusts and stopped before giving me a long, wet kiss.
pulling away, he put me on my feet  though my knees wobbled  and grabbed a loofa and my body wash.
he waggled his eyebrows.
turn around.
i want to clean you up real nice for work.
i cocked my head to the side.
come again.
you heard me.
he soaped up the loofah as i dutifully turned around.
he slapped my ass hard and scrubbed the loofah over my shoulders and down my back.
the soapy warmth, especially when delivered by michael, felt wonderful.
i looked over my shoulder at him.
go easy on me.
you have already worn me out for the day and it is not even eight oclock yet.
he laughed, the sound low and raspy.
is that so.
he leaned in and bit my ear, his warm breath sending shivers down my spine as he slid the loofah to my ass.
bend over and i will really give you something to complain about.
chapter three michael move a bit more to the right.
sadie, nude save for some expertly applied body paint made to look like a bikini, shifted as instructed and gave her best face to the camera.
i took a few more shots, the southern california sun illuminating her skin and giving her a glow.
her blonde hair flowed in beachy waves over her shoulders as she reclined against the warm sand.
i was almost finished with the shoot, but i had to get her photos just right.
she wanted to make the cover of the sports magazine this year, having been narrowly beaten by a bustier model the prior year.
sit forward a bit and turn your chest toward me.
let is make the most of the light there.
whatever it takes.
she leaned toward me, her breasts on full display under the paint, the nipples straining to the sky.
i moved toward her left, setting up a slightly different shot that highlighted every curve.
my assistant moved with me, reflecting the light with a large, silver oval.
she plastered her practiced look of seduction on her face.
sadie, i need more from you.
i lowered the camera.
i need you to imagine you are looking at your lover.
a handsome man.
the one who will give you everything you ever wanted.
and he is about to fuck you, and you desperately want him to.
can you give me that look.
she smiled, her teeth white and perfect.
i think i can manage.
her expression changed, softened, but her eyes remained sharp, focused.
it was just what i wanted.
i snapped a few more shots, moving around her as her gaze followed me.
a few more clicks and we were done.
i stepped back and scrolled through the photos on my screen.
i would have put money on one of the shots in the last set it would make the cover.
all right, sadie.
we are done here.
go ahead and get dressed.
i smiled and gave her a small salute as another assistant hurried to her with a towel.
turning, i walked to the makeshift tent wed set up along the shore.
once in the shade, i transferred the images from my camera to my laptop.
some of the images had promise, but i wanted to get to the last set.
yes.
her expression was perfect, an enticing smile to match the rest of her.
the very last photo was the right one, the light giving her an effervescence that translated perfectly through my lens.
anything noteworthy.
the magazine editor sat beneath the tent, filling his face with random bits of food from the craft table.
i think you will find some keepers in here.
i saved the best shots to my hard drive for editing later in my office at home.
i loved working with jess in my lap or peeking over my shoulder.
she always had great input on my photos.
so, we are done.
the editor asked and brushed coffee cake crumbs from his shirt.
i closed my laptop.
yes.
i will have the best shots to you tomorrow.
good.
you coming to rio next week for that shoot.
he stood, his portly belly bulging over his belt.
he was over fifty, but flirted with the models like he was my age.
forcing a smile, i said, sorry.
i can not.
i am getting married in two days, then off to our honeymoon in thailand.
he coughed and shook his head.
why would a young man like you be taking the plunge when you are constantly surrounded with the choicest pussy.
i stopped packing my camera and stared at him.
my personal life is none of your business, but i can assure you jess is the best thing that is ever happened to me.
i am lucky to have her.
he ran a hand through his thinning hair and looked at me over his sunglasses.
son, here a bit of advice.
there is nothing in this world better than strange, and model strange.
he eyed layla, one of the models, as she cut across the sand next to the tent and lowered his voice.
that is the best of all.
do not go fucking it up by getting married.
thanks for the input.
my hands fisted but i forced my fingers to relax before grabbing my laptop bag and camera.
showing him my revulsion was not an option, especially since i wanted to get more work from the magazine.
i will be in touch tomorrow.
okay then.
he grinned.
think about what i said.
i walked away, out of the shade from the tent and into the sun.
will do, i called behind me.
the sand was warm on my bare feet.
it would have been a nice day at the beach if id spent it with jess.
instead, i was beat and ready to get home to her.
i checked my watch.
shed be done at her job in half an hour unless her crusty boss made her work late.
maybe i could make her dinner.
i smiled just thinking of how surprised shed be at a home cooked meal.
michael.
i looked over my shoulder.
sadie was running through the sand to catch up.
i slowed and glanced behind her where the editor stood, grinning at me from beneath the tent.
sadie wore a tiny pair of shorts and a white tank top, her nipples still as hard as they were when i was taking her picture.
what is it, sadie.
oh, i just um, i just wanted to say thanks for the shoot.
she walked to my elbow and we trudged together toward the parking lot along the scenic drive.
sure.
any of them seem like contenders.
she hooked her arm through mine.
i stopped.
sadie.
what.
she lowered her sunglasses and flashed her light amber eyes.
i disentangled my arm from hers.
sadie, you know i have got a girl.
she pouted and stared at the ground.
i know you do.
i just wondered if you think any of my photos were good.
oh.
i pulled the laptop bag strap higher on my shoulder.
i think several were, actually.
one from that last set has a lot of promise.
for the cover.
she looked up at me.
yeah, i think for the cover.
she squealed and launched herself at me.
i caught her in my arms as she pressed a big kiss to my cheek.
thanks, michael.
you are the best.
she dropped to the ground and hurried away to her car.
i laughed and followed, slipping my sandals on before following her into the gravel parking lot.
sadie waved as she reversed in her little sports car and got on the road, headed back to the city.
i dropped my equipment in my passenger seat and knocked the rest of the sand from my legs and feet.
a burst of movement to my right caught my attention.
the familiar flash of sun on a lens told me what was going on.
the paparazzi were here.
so, michael, you and sadie together now.
the paparazzo yelled from what he likely considered was a safe distance.
i wanted to wring his neck.
how long had he been spying.
get bent, motherfucker.
i flipped him off and took a few menacing steps toward his car.
he dropped inside in a hurry, slamming his door.
i snatched up a rock from the lot and tossed it at him.
it pinged off the roof of his car as he backed up and sped out onto the highway in a swirl of dust and screeching tires.
i wanted to drag him out and crush his camera under my heel, but i could not.
even though id changed my ways and had not done anything interesting in years, the paparazzi still shadowed me, especially when i was spending the day with models.
and now, thanks to sadie exuberance, they had some ammunition.
fuck.
stalking to my car, i sank into the driver seat and pounded the steering wheel with my palm.
of all the days for this sort of a fuck up.
just forty eight hours before our wedding, i would have to explain to jess that i was not fucking a model.
chapter four jess i hurried down the hallway.
it was already long past five, but the partner i worked for was staying late and expected me to do the same.
id wanted to leave early and do something special for michael, especially with all the hectic wedding planning wed been doing lately, but it was not going to happen.
mr.
avery had exacting standards, and i needed to meet them if i had any chance of a future at his law firm.
the office was empty for the day, most of the staff having already left right at five and the overworked associates leaving soon after.
i hoped i would not have to stay too much later.
the click clack of my heels echoed down the marble hall as i made my way past the cubicles and offices toward the corner where mr.
avery was located.
his dark wooden door was shut, so i knocked.
jess.
he called.
yes sir.
come in.
i opened the door and crossed the short distance to his mahogany desk.
his office was mostly windows, looking out onto the city from the thirty third floor.
he was one of the firm founders, and i was lucky hed hired me straight out of law school.
i have all the pleadings you asked for, including their discovery responses from march of last year.
i placed the neat stack of pages on the corner of his well organized desk.
he leaned back in his plush leather chair.
have a seat, jess.
shit.
at this rate, id barely get to see michael at all and the next day would be filled with tons of pre wedding preparation.
i did as instructed and sank onto his leather couch, but perched on the edge.
maybe he would notice my anxiousness and let me go for the evening.
mr.
avery was a fit fifty, attractive with only light graying in his dark hair.
he wore a dark gray suit and a tie, always impeccably dressed.
jess, as you know, i will need someone to help me cover the depositions in the frost case next month.
i could not stop my smile.
the frost case concerned an electrical infrastructure project that had gone bad based on improper voltage specifications.
seemed boring, but the case and all the witnesses was located on the island of maui.
i had never dreamt of getting such a plum assignment so early in my career, though id daydreamed about it with michael.
hed assured me that if i got a chance to go, hed come along with me and show me the sights.
hed been to maui several times for shoots.
so, is that something youd be interested in.
he stood and walked around his desk before sitting beside me on the sofa.
yes.
i exclaimed before calming my tone.
i mean, yes, mr.
avery.
id love that.
i would need you to be available at all hours.
the contract workers with the most information about the project problems work all sorts of different shifts.
we will have to take testimony on their time.
so it is a twenty four hour job while we are out there.
can you handle that.
i can do that.
i tucked a lock of my dark brown hair behind my ear.
i am so excited.
i am glad.
you have been an exceptional associate so far.
he smiled, something he rarely did.
i did not think i could grin any bigger, but i did.
he rarely praised anyone.
thank you, sir.
and i hope that on this trip.
he put his hand on my knee, meeting the bare skin beneath the hem of my black skirt.
we can get to know each other even better.
my grin faded and my cheeks heated with something other than excitement.
oh, god.
mr.
avery, i do not think you mean i know exactly what i mean.
his grip tightened on my leg.
you are exceptional.
we will be spending a couple of weeks in the most beautiful spot on the planet.
when i said i needed you at all hours, jess, i meant it.
i batted his hand off my leg and rose, my heart racing.
i think we have had a misunderstanding.
disappointment warred with anger inside me, and i could not look him in the eye.
he stood.
come now, jess.
walking around here in those short skirts, batting your eyelashes at me i have not been imagining these things have i.
i i am afraid you have.
i am getting married in two days to the man i love.
i finally met his eye.
i have no interest in you other than professionally speaking.
he frowned and stepped closer.
my gorge rose but i swallowed hard.
that is a shame.
i suppose i will have to give the frost case to emilia.
he placed his finger under my chin.
unless you will reconsider your position.
my skin crawled.
no, i will not.
i am not here to be your mistress or to fuck my way up the ladder.
anger rose inside me and spilled into my words.
do not give me the assignment.
i do not want it with its extra duties.
i was burning my bridge with this firm, possibly getting myself blackballed, but i would never agree to what he was suggesting.
before i had a chance to back away, he kissed me.
i shoved at his chest but he wrapped his arms around me, pressing me against him.
he tried to stick his tongue in my mouth, but when i tried to bite him, he let me go.
jess.
i whirled.
michael stood in the doorway behind me, an inscrutable look on his face.
fuck.
michael.
it is not what it looks like.
this was bad.
why would i say the thing that the guilty party always says.
michael strode into the room, his presence filling the room to bursting with what i realized was rage.
mr.
avery cleared his throat.
really.
because what it looks like to me is a dirty old man threatening a young female associate to try and get her to sleep with him.
sound accurate.
he held his hand out to me.
i ran to him and took it.
he pulled me around behind him and placed a hand on my hip.
that is actually perfectly accurate.
i whispered as relief coursed through me.
he squeezed my hip.
i stood on my tiptoes and peeked over michael shoulder.
his tattoos swirled out of the neckline of his shirt, the ink seemingly alive as his veins pumped double time underneath.
he was like a furnace ready to blow.
she has come onto me time and time again.
mr.
avery voice quavered.
i was simply informing her that i was not the sort of man to cheat on my wife with an associate.
that is all this was.
you are going to lie about my girl to my face.
michael dropped his hand from my hip and advanced on mr.
avery.
mr.
avery stumbled backwards and landed heavily on his couch.
michael kept walking until he loomed over the other man.
michael, do not hurt him.
i had never seen him so angry, every muscle in his body drawn so tight he practically vibrated with malice.
he stopped and stretched his fingers before balling them into fists.
mr.
avery cowered beneath him.
if you ever treat jess like anything less than a lawyer deserving of respect, i will come back here.
understand.
for that matter, if i hear you have treated any associate the way you have treated my girl, i will be back.
he leaned down and stabbed his index finger in mr.
avery face.
i asked you a question.
y yes, i understand.
mr.
avery squeaked.
now, apologize to jess.
michael straightened and crossed his arms over his broad chest.
i will wait.
mr.
avery glanced to me and then dropped his gaze to the floor.
i am sorry, jess.
good.
jess will not be working for you any more, but i expect a stellar recommendation letter.
if i hear any different, i will give you three guesses of what will happen.
michael bored into mr.
avery with his eyes.
go on, guess.
you will be back.
the quaver in his voice had turned into a shudder.
i wondered if he might piss himself.
mr.
avery likely was not used to large, tattooed, pierced men with fauxhawks threatening him over his dirty deeds.
that is right.
michael slapped mr.
avery on the shoulder.
the man jumped and paled.
you are a quick study, mr.
avery.
michael turned back to me, not giving another glance to my ghostly white boss.
come on.
let is get your stuff and get the hell out of here.
he took my hand.
it was only then i realized id been shaking.
was it with anger or fear.
i could not tell.
he pulled me into the hallway and stopped.
which way to your office.
hed never visited me at work before, no matter how many times id begged him to come see me.
he was too worried the stuffy attorneys would judge his appearance and hold it against me.
why had he chanced it tonight.
he ran his hand down my cheek, the concern in his eyes making me melt for him like i did on the first day we met.
you okay.
now that you are here, yes.
i placed my hand against his chest, feeling the rapid beat of his heart.
thank you for not hurting him.
he smirked and kissed my forehead.
he lucky you said something or i would be committing a felony right now.
come on.
i pulled him down the hall, away from mr.
avery.
i did not want to risk any more run ins.
it did not take long to pack my few personal items.
i hated giving up my job, especially when it was mr.
avery fault, but i could not stay here.
i knew that much.
michael tucked my framed diplomas under his arm and i carried a small box of my belongings.
i stood in the doorway for a few seconds, saying goodbye to my closet sized, windowless office.
michael wrapped his arm around my waist.
i am sorry this happened.
it is not fair.
it is okay.
i blinked back my tears.
there were other jobs, ones that did not come with a dickhead for a boss.
i leaned against him.
it is not, but it will be.
i promise.
you are a catch for any firm in this town.
you will have another job in no time.
you always say the right thing.
i smiled up at him.
you do the right thing, too.
he tensed for a moment, then led me down the corridor toward the elevators.
let is get home.
put this shit behind us.
we have a wedding, a honeymoon, and a staggering amount of sex in our imminent future.
i laughed as we walked into the elevator.
i love you.
he leaned down and kissed my neck beneath my ear, sending goose bumps down my body.
i love you, too.
chapter five michael i held her close, breathing in her scent after id sated her that night.
i needed to tell her about what happened with sadie, but she was so shaken up about the shit her boss pulled that i did not want to make it any worse.
i nuzzled into her hair, wanting her to feel how much she meant to me, how much i loved her.
she had saved me.
the moment id seen her deep blue eyes i knew i had to turn my life around, to strive to be good enough to earn her trust.
i smiled remembering the first time wed been together, when id taken her virginity.
shed been so shy, but i knew my wildcat was in there somewhere.
i pulled her to my chest and she sighed, the sound of an angel.
i smoothed my palms up and down her back as she breathed deeply.
i could not wait to make her my wife.
not to mention the fireworks i had planned for our honeymoon.
i dropped one more kiss into her fragrant hair and drifted off to sleep.
giggles erupted in the living room.
i woke to the morning sun streaming through the windows of the penthouse i shared with jess.
she was gone, the bed cold next to me.
i hated waking up without her.
now, girls, calm down.
we have to be at the spa in fifteen minutes.
my mother voice rang out, authoritative but also tinged with the sort of joy i had not heard from her in a while.
jess, you ready.
one of her friends asked.
yeah, let me kiss michael goodbye.
more laughter rang out as jess re entered our bedroom.
she radiated happiness, all the problems of the previous day erased from her beautiful face.
my cock hardened as i watched how she moved.
she wore a demure white dress with some medium white heels.
something about the propriety of the dress made me want to rip it off her.
i would not, but id get at least a taste.
close the door, i said.
she shook her head and grabbed her bag from the dresser.
michael, your mom is in the living room.
i have to go.
i do not give a fuck if the pope is in the living room.
close the door, wildcat.
i eased my hand under the sheet and fisted my cock, pumping it slowly as i watched her.
i tossed the sheet off with my other hand and her eyes widened as she saw what i was doing.
she dropped her bag and closed the door.
come here.
i moved to the edge of the bed.
she walked over, her hips swaying in her heels.
michael, the girls on your knees.
she stood in front of me, her hands on her hips but her eyes glued to my cock.
she licked her lips.
i can not do this.
not with your mom here.
i gripped her wrists and yanked her down.
she yelped as her knees hit the floor.
everything okay.
jess aunt carrie called.
fine.
jess and i said in unison.
she lowered her voice and looked up at me, her big blue eyes luminous.
you are a very bad man, mr.
williams.
running her hands up my thighs, she licked the head of my cock.
my hips thrusted up at the contact.
her mouth, all of her, was electric.
she took me to the back of her throat in one smooth movement.
fucking hell, wildcat.
and i am the bad one.
she dug her nails into my thighs and criss crossed her tongue along the bottom of my shaft.
then she got to work, bobbing on my cock with slippery sounds.
her tongue was velvet on me and i stifled a groan as my cock stiffened even more from her attentions.
i put a hand in her hair, but she knocked it away.
she slid me out of her mouth.
i have to look presentable when i open that door.
i growled and pulled her up, putting her on my lap so she straddled me.
she placed her hands on my chest, her fingernails digging into her own name inked over my heart.
be my good little slut and let me fuck that tight pussy.
michael, she gasped.
i claimed her mouth, her breath sweet with orange juice, and ran my hands up her skirt.
she was wearing some sort of lacy panties.
i gripped the sides and tugged, ripping them off her and slinging them to the floor, before palming her pussy.
she moaned as i stroked down her wet flesh, my fingers teasing her clit.
my cock twitched, desperate to feel every inch of her slick wetness.
i sank two fingers inside her tight pussy before withdrawing them and putting them in her mouth.
she licked my fingers clean as i used my other hand to position my tip at her entrance.
one thrust and i was deep inside her, bliss coating my cock as i lay back.
ride me, wildcat.
get off on my cock.
i want to see you.
i laced my hands behind my head as she began working up and down on my shaft.
she was invested in her own pleasure now.
i could tell from the way her lids were at half mast.
bad man, she panted and spread her legs wider, getting every bit of friction.
lift your skirt.
show me that pretty pussy.
i want to see you touch yourself.
she threw her head back, exhaling to the ceiling and giving herself over to me, to us.
she pulled up her skirt with one hand and teased at her clit with the other.
i groaned as she rose and fell while i pumped into her, my cock demanding more and more of her.
fuck, she was so beautiful.
her dark hair cascaded down her shoulders and her tits bounced under the white dress with each impact.
i resisted the urge to grip the front of the material and rip it in two barely.
i am close.
she met my eyes.
i smirked.
she was in a hurry.
id let her have it quickly, but only because we had guests.
i loved taking my time with her, drawing out her orgasm for as long as possible.
moving my hands to her hips, i forced her into a faster rhythm.
i gripped the hand at her pussy and brought it to my lips, licking her honey from them as she moaned.
then i put her hand back, keeping my fingers on top of hers as she swirled and rubbed her hard nub.
my load crept up my shaft as her movements grew more erratic.
her hips bucked, her pussy spasming.
a knock at the door and then my mother voice.
jess, dear, we have to get going.
i am coming.
jess cried as her hips froze and her pussy clamped down on me.
okay.
a loud cough.
i will, ah, i will take the girls downstairs and wait for you in the limo.
i bit back my yell as i shot inside jess, coating her pussy with me as we stared into each other eyes.
her brow was pinched and she bit her lip to try and stay quiet.
i slammed her hips down onto me, keeping her still as i emptied out my last bit of spend deep into her.
fuck me, she whispered and rolled off me, lying on her back and panting.
i flinched when her heat was gone, and i wanted to climb on top of her and go again.
especially since i knew this was my last chance to have her before the wedding.
she was staying with her aunt tonight to get ready and keep with tradition of the groom not seeing the bride.
i rolled over on my side and raised up on my elbow, drinking in her reclining form.
gorgeous, curvy woman.
i still could not believe shed agreed to be mine.
i can not believe we did that.
your mom.
she cringed.
i laughed.
she will get over it.
besides, you were telling the truth.
you were definitely coming.
she slapped at my arm.
bad man.
your bad man.
i kissed her, gently now.
she wrapped her arms around my neck and returned the kiss, pressing her breasts into my chest.
i clutched her waist.
she broke the kiss and scooted away.
i have to go.
she tried for a sterner tone as i pulled her back to me.
no sir.
not again.
i dropped one more kiss on her swollen lips.
fine.
if you must.
yes.
she sat up and stood, as if that would keep her from me.
i could sling her back onto the bed and have her moaning again in seconds.
instead, i lay back and watched her walk to the bathroom.
she cleaned up and donned a new set of panties before heading back to the bedroom door.
i went to her, giving her another long kiss.
next time i see you, shit is gonna get real, wildcat.
she gave me a radiant smile that made my heart warm.
i know, and then you are mine.
i placed her delicate hand over my heart.
i am already yours.
always have been, just did not know it.
tears sparkled in her eyes and i dropped another quick kiss on her lips before shooing her out the door.
i never wanted to see her cry, even if they were tears of joy.
i loved her too damn much.
i followed her to the elevator, unable to keep my hands off her even for a second.
she laughed as i cupped her ass and gave it a good squeeze as the doors opened.
another peck on my lips and she was on the elevator.
try and behave yourself, michael.
she simpered, as if daring me to take her again.
she drove me crazy.
see you at the church, soon to be mrs.
williams.
i grinned as the elevator doors shut.
chapter six jess my bridesmaids and i spent the day at the spa.
i thought it would be the most relaxing way to pregame before the wedding, though i could not help but wonder what michael was doing.
even as the massage therapist expertly worked every bit of stress from my muscles, i wished michael hands were on me instead.
jess, honey.
daisy, my best friend from law school and maid of honor stood next to me as i lay face down on the massage table.
i recognized the butterfly tattoo on the top of her foot.
mmm.
i felt like i was floating, weightless from the hour long massage, as the soothing music played low in the background.
we have to get going.
we have more appointments.
she tapped her foot.
what more appointments.
my voice was muffled by the massage table.
we have been here all day.
i have been waxed, facialed, buffed, manicured, pedicured, massaged, and god knows what else.
we have a little something fun planned for tonight.
she giggled.
i craned my neck around so i could look up at her.
she was tall with long blonde hair and deep brown eyes, and currently naked.
i rolled my eyes.
there are robes, daisy.
how about you try one.
she put her hands on her hips.
if you got it, flaunt it.
whatever.
i arched an eyebrow.
what fun are you talking about.
id specified over and over that i wanted no crazy bachelorette party.
but daisy was something of a wild card one of the main reasons wed become fast friends in law school.
you will see.
come on.
let is go.
she pranced out of the room.
i groaned and sat up.
wedding planning had taken a toll on me, but the massage had gone a long way to ease my tension.
well, the massage and my time with michael earlier in the day.
just remembering the way he watched me ride him had my cheeks warming.
dressing in my street clothes, i slipped on my sandals and left the soothing room.
my bridesmaids were lined up outside, with daisy at the head of the procession.
let is hit the road, get some real food not cucumber water and see what else we have in store for our favorite bride to be.
daisy grinned and took off at a brisk march, the other girls following.
really.
i grumbled under my breath but followed all the same.
evelyn and aunt carrie waited in the lobby area, laughing at the parade of girls heading out to the limo.
evelyn gave me a hug that took my breath away.
you have fun tonight.
last night of freedom and all.
though i know for a fact my son can not wait to make an honest woman out of you.
aunt carrie was next, giving me an even bigger hug than i thought possible.
i am so proud of you.
i beamed, though tears began to swim in my vision.
your mom is, well she will always be your mom, but i want you to know evelyn and i are here for you.
i can not imagine how hard it is for you right now with your mom being uninterested in everything i do.
i filled in.
my mom only had one consideration in her mind.
herself.
id known this since i was a child.
i used to hold it against her, but after a while, i only felt sorry for her.
aunt carrie was my father sister.
hed passed when i was very young, and aunt carrie had become my main cheerleader, encouraging me all the way through college and law school.
i am sorry.
aunt carrie frowned.
i did not mean to bring up bad juju.
i just want you to know we are here for you.
whatever you need.
i hugged her and evelyn again.
no bad juju.
only happy times.
you are my family.
just like michael is my family.
i am so glad to hear you say that, sugar.
evelyn kissed me on the cheek.
daisy opened the front door of the spa.
come on, bride, we need to hit the road.
love you.
i squeezed evelyn and aunt carrie hands.
i will see you in the morning.
i followed daisy out into the mild air as evelyn and aunt carrie hugged it out with each other.
they were so cute.
now that we are rid of the chaperones, it is time for the real fun.
daisy shoved me police style into the back of the limo.
i laughed and joked with my bridesmaids as we drove into the heart of the city.
after an over the top meal at a restaurant we could not have afforded without michael amex, the girls hustled me back into the limo and blindfolded me.
the smooth fabric against my eyelids blocked out everything but the smallest sliver of light along the bottom.
start the party.
daisy cranked up the music, the bass thumping in my chest and i heard the sound of corks popping.
before long a glass was shoved into my hand.
drink, bitch.
the girls clinked their glasses with mine.
when i tried to sip it, someone lifted my glass up so i drained it all in one go.
another for the bride.
someone steadied my hand as my glass grew heavier and again i drank it all down.
i reached to try and peel my blindfold off.
no.
daisy smacked my hand.
here, i got you a crown, too.
bend over.
someone snorted.
she will be hearing that a lot for the next week.
howls of laughter filled the limo and i could not help but smile.
these were my girls, as rowdy and silly as they were.
we drank and acted fools the rest of the way to wherever we were going.
the limo slowed to a halt and someone opened the door to my right.
the car began rocking as my bridesmaids exited.
then someone took my hand and pulled me out.
the sash.
someone said.
right.
i have got it.
daisy draped something over me and then took my hand again.
all i could hear was my girls, traffic sounds, and music with another deep beat.
stairs, whore.
daisy giggled and led me up about five steps.
we almost tripped twice, the champagne buzzing around my head.
okay.
walk straight ahead.
the atmosphere changed from open and breezy to close and loud as we entered what i assumed was a club.
the silky material against my eyes gave me no clues, but the smell of alcohol and the music informed me plenty.
we are the daisy raines party.
she yelled over the sound of the music and the clubgoers.
right this way.
a man voice.
daisy led me through the room, around several bodies.
it occurred to me that most of the voices were female.
and here we are.
front and center.
enjoy the show.
the man voice receded on the last words.
daisy pushed me down into a seat and whipped the blindfold off my face.
my eyes adjusted quickly in the gloom.
this is a strip club.
i turned to her.
a male strip club.
we sat in the front row along the edge of the stage.
she was grinning huge, right along with my other bridesmaids.
i tried to get angry with them.
i truly did.
but the champagne and the glee on their faces tempered my irritation.
i said no strip clubs, daisy.
just this one time.
you will love it.
live a little before you tie the knot.
i frowned.
she bumped her shoulder against mine.
look at these girls, your dutiful bridesmaids.
do not they deserve a night of fun.
after all the bridesmaid drudgery.
all the dresses they tried on.
the dresses they bought.
the planning.
the rehearsal dinner.
do not they get one night of living it up.
this is why you aced law school.
turning shit around on people.
i raised an eyebrow but nodded.
fine.
i will allow this debauch, though i do not know how michael going to feel about it.
pfft.
what michael does not know will not hurt him.
the girls agreed with daisy, taking their seats and chattering about the show.
hi.
i am trey.
i will be your server this evening.
a young man, dressed in only a tight pair of black bikini bottoms appeared with a bottle.
daisy stood and tucked a twenty into his briefs, getting a look down the front as she did so.
well, trey, we are the party and this is our bachelorette, so treat us right.
trey glanced down to me and smiled.
cum dumpster.
i tilted my head.
had i heard him correctly.
what.
he was staring at my chest.
i looked down and saw that the sash daisy had put on me said cum dumpster.
daisy.
i tried to pull it off.
no, no.
it is great actually.
trey laughed as he poured us all another round of champagne.
the guys are going to love it.
i fumbled with the sash.
the guys are goin the music cut off my protests and the lights came up to glaringly bright before settling back down.
a man strolled onto the stage, dressed like a dapper don.
pinstriped suit, slick dark hair, and what i could tell was a killer body underneath.
welcome, ladies.
i will be your host for the evening.
my name big stick.
a host of catcalls, including daisy, went up from the crowd.
we have a special bachelorette party here tonight.
i believe a young lady named jess is the lucky bride to be.
he scanned the front row and seized on me, the crown and sash giving me away.
he pointed at me.
tonight is your night, little girl.
the lights dimmed and daisy tilted my glass again, making me drink so fast i almost choked.
a familiar song started to play, but the beat had not dropped yet.
the lights came up and three men were onstage.
big stick was out front, and they were all dressed similarly  suits, ties, and hats.
they were still, waiting.
the crowd was still, too, waiting right along with the performers.
high notes came to a crescendo as the crowd practically salivated in silence.
when the beat finally dropped, the men began to move and all hell broke loose in the club.
women screamed and tossed bills onto the stage as the men danced in perfect suggestive unison.
daisy made sure my glass remained full as we watched.
when they ripped their suits off and wore only ties and tight black briefs, daisy jumped up and applauded.
i was ensnared, watching them roll their rippling abs as they moved effortlessly around the stage.
i could see the appeal, especially with how packed their shorts appeared to be.
when big stick hit the deck in front of us and began shadow fucking the floor, i felt heat rising and blooming in my cheeks.
when he rose and jumped down to our row, i tried to shrink back in my seat, but he walked right past the screaming daisy and stood in front of me.
pointing, he mouthed you.
i shook my head.
he grinned.
daisy grabbed my arm and yanked me up.
big stick lifted me by my ass before carrying me onstage.
the words oh shit were on repeat in my mind as he laid me down and mimicked eating my pussy and then fucking me.
grab my shoulders.
i will not bite.
he said and ground his cock against me.
this is your show.
i gripped his slick shoulders, my fingers barely able to get any traction.
it is all a show.
congratulations on your wedding.
big stick smiled and then mimicked eating my pussy again before helping me to my feet and back down to my seat.
daisy crowed with laughter.
was not that the best thing ever.
clearly, shed never had sex with michael williams.
otherwise, shed know nothing was ever better than that.
as it was, i shrugged and sat.
the girls thoroughly enjoyed the rest of the show.
thankfully, big stick seemed to realize i did not enjoy the spotlight, so he used daisy as my proxy, flipping her upside down and doing any number of sexual things to her for the crowd.
i laughed and had a great time, throwing bills right along with the rest of my bridesmaids.
by the time the show was over, my head was cloudy and i wanted nothing more than to go to bed.
on our way out, big stick stopped me at the door and gave me a hug.
i meant what i said.
congratulations.
thanks for playing along.
give me a call if the wedding goes south.
he pressed into my hip with his palm and then pulled away.
i smiled and waved bye as daisy helped me down the stairs.
and then we were on our way out into the night.
the limo dropped me off at my aunt is house.
daisy walked me to the stoop and helped me ring the doorbell.
i was having trouble getting it to stay in one place long enough for me to press it.
she helped me stand up straight, running her fingers along the sash with one hand and steadying me with the other.
i hope you had a good time.
that was all i wanted, you know.
i smiled and hugged her.
it was fabulous.
and one thing for certain, i will never forget it.
aunt carrie opened the door and took one look at me before turning the evil eye on daisy.
i thought i told you to go easy on her.
i did.
daisy stepped away from the door, retreating from aunt carrie wrath.
give her the cocktail i told you about and she will be fine.
another cocktail.
i asked as aunt carrie pulled me inside.
she had rollers in her hair.
she reminded me of medusa with pink snakes on her head.
did you just call me medusa.
did i say that out loud.
i asked.
she wrung her hands.
oh, lord.
you look like crazy hell.
come on in the kitchen.
she slammed the door, cutting off daisy laughing apology.
i giggled and followed her to the kitchen.
she pulled a glass from the fridge that had some sort of greenish concoction in it.
drink it.
we can not have you hungover for your wedding.
she proffered the glass.
what is in it.
does not matter.
drink it.
i shrugged.
id already downed plenty of mystery drinks that night.
what was one more.
i took the glass and drank as much of it as i could stand before dropping the rest of it down the sink.
yick.
okay, off to bed with you.
she helped me to her guest room and got me under the covers.
after that, it all went black.
chapter seven michael i could not sit still.
everything perfect, man.
everything.
craig, my best man sat and watched me come apart.
it is going to be a beautiful ceremony.
paul, craig husband, added to the chorus of calm the fuck down that all of my groomsmen had been singing to me.
we were crowded in a room off the main church sanctuary.
it was far too hot and i wanted to rip the tie off my neck.
my groomsmen stared as i first stood, then sat, then paced.
they were a mix of models, photographers, and some friends from my darker days before i met jess.
but they were all good men, to the last one.
i have to see her.
my heart was beating out of my chest.
if i could just see her, just touch her, i could calm down.
that is against tradition.
paul shook his head.
i do not give a fuck about tradition.
i went to run my hand through my hair but paul stood and held out his hand.
stop.
the stylist worked too hard on that perfect fauxhawk for you to fuck it up.
i dropped my hand.
he was right.
okay, i have an idea.
paul smiled.
famous last words.
craig crossed his arms over his chest.
no, babe, it will work.
hang on.
i will be right back.
paul hurried out.
i paced even more, peeking out the clear sections in the stained glass to see the neverending procession of guests arriving.
i need you jess.
after far too many minutes, paul returned and waved me out the door.
come on.
my heart thumped against my ribs with the hope hed thought of some way for me to see her.
i followed him through the back church hallway and down a side aisle to the church lobby.
craig was on my heels.
is this a good idea.
paul whirled.
remember how nervous i was before we got hitched.
yes.
craig nodded.
you only tried to call it off a half a dozen times.
what did it take to get me down that aisle.
craig grinned.
if i remember correctly, a kiss and a little something else.
exactly.
now, i love you, but shut the fuck up.
paul turned and kept hurrying through the church.
i was just glad that i seemed to be moving in jess direction.
we entered the church lobby and i could almost feel jess nearby.
this way.
paul pressed past a couple of guests and into a side hallway.
he ran right into daisy, whod blockaded a door that was marked bride quarters on a cutesy chalkboard.
the maid of honor narrowed her eyes at me and stood up straighter, staring me down.
what the fuck is her problem.
i just want to see her, okay.
i said.
daisy and i were not fast friends, but i did not know why she was looking at me like i was the enemy.
really.
she pulled a crumpled piece of paper from behind her back and shoved it into my hand.
you sure you do not want to see her instead.
i opened the paper.
i could feel the blood drain from my face as i saw the photograph.
it was the one the paparazzo took of sadie and me after the shoot at the beach.
it looked even worse than i thought her pressed against me in what looked like an intimate embrace as she kissed me.
from the angle, it looked as if she were kissing me on the lips.
motherfucker.
i balled the paper in my fist, squeezing my fingers until it was nothing but a tiny wad of bullshit.
has she seen this.
yes, daisy hissed and leaned toward me.
it would have been menacing if she were not built like a ballerina.
daisy, move.
i would do whatever it took to explain the photo to jess.
no.
daisy put her hands on her hips.
i could have easily manhandled her out of the way, but i was in enough trouble as it was.
still, i took a step toward her, hoping to intimidate her.
nope, she just kicked her chin up and dared me to do shit about it.
no wonder jess loved her.
daisy, please.
craig said from over my shoulder.
you and i both know that michael head over heels in love with jess.
that photo does not mean shit.
let him by.
she pointed her finger in my face, so close it almost touched my nose.
you better have a good goddamn explanation, because if you do not, i will have your goddamn balls in a jar on my mantle.
if i can find a small enough jar.
wait here.
daisy turned and disappeared behind the door.
i could not catch a glimpse of what was inside, though the space looked roomier than the groom quarters.
after a few moments, the bridesmaids filed out, their eyes downcast.
come in, daisy called.
i darted in, desperate to find jess, to explain.
whoa.
daisy blocked my path and held up a swatch of cloth.
turn around.
you can not see her before the wedding.
i have already blindfolded her.
i do not know if her seeing you is bad or not, but i am not risking it.
once your eyes are covered, you can talk to her.
if shed said i am going to drive bamboo shoots under your fingernails and then you can talk, i would not have cared.
i would have held my hands out and waited impatiently for her to get it done.
i had to get to jess.
i bent down and let her tie the sash.
okay, follow me.
she led me a few steps and then directed me to sit.
a sniffle caught my ear and a piece of my heart froze and shattered.
jess was crying.
she sitting right next to you.
i am going to stand outside.
jess, yell if you need me.
o okay.
another sniffle.
i reached my hand out next to me and patted around until i found hers.
she did not pull away at least.
let me explain.
okay.
explain why you were kissing a model.
i winced, but i was not going to pass up this chance.
i was doing the swimsuit edition shoot.
sadie wanted to know if she made the cover.
she hugged me and kissed me on the cheek.
that was it.
i told her that you are my girl.
she knows i love you.
she just wanted to know if she made the cover.
i swear, baby.
please do not cry.
i can have my assistant get her number if you want.
you can call her.
i promise you are the only one for me.
i love you.
i would never do that to you.
i swear on my life.
i ended my plea on a desperate note.
i was foolish for not telling her sooner.
id gone to her office that night to tell her, but then put it off because of what happened with mr.
avery.
and after that, id forgotten about it.
she took a deep, shaking breath.
i believe you.
i could breathe again.
my heart beating, but only for her.
i want to see you so bad, baby.
i clutched her hand and kissed the back of it.
to look in your eyes and tell you how much i love you.
i know.
i missed you.
her voice still crackled with tears, but it was clearing up.
i knew you would not.
i just knew it.
but i wanted to be sure.
it is okay.
i should have told you about it when it happened.
i intended to, but that was the day at your office i did not want to bring up that bad memory on our wedding day.
i understand.
she squeezed my hand.
and i have something to confess, too.
i tensed and tried to keep my voice calm, any number of dark ideas trying to crowd my frontal lobe.
what is that.
daisy took me to an all male review last night.
strippers.
she sounded horrified.
i could not subdue my chuckle.
it is okay, babe.
it was your bachelorette party and with daisy, i expected nothing less.
she sighed, a relieved sound that soothed me right along with her.
thank god.
i was so embarrassed.
she paused.
wait, did you go to a strip club, too.
i laughed again.
no.
the boys offered but we stayed in and had a video game fest instead.
is that all right.
that is that is actually perfect.
she giggled.
dorks.
i laced my fingers through hers.
you are the only one for me, jess.
forever.
i need you to know that.
i do.
i can not wait to be your wife.
i ran my hand up her arm, goose bumps breaking out along her bare skin.
so, now that we have made up, perhaps we can do something to seal the deal.
we can not see each other before the wedding.
her voice was chiding.
i grinned and dropped to my knees.
i do not need to see you to eat your pussy.
chapter eight jess michael, you can not, i said, but he was already lifting up my skirt.
he ran his hands along my garters.
oh, i like these.
a lot.
pushing my thighs apart, he exhaled along my thighs.
i squirmed and tried to close my legs.
the blindfold just made the sensations stronger, every touch amplified a thousand times.
he pushed harder.
oh no, wildcat.
i need a taste.
just a quick one.
the real feast comes later tonight.
his fingers inched up my thighs and then he fingered the edge of my white lace panties.
i bet these look amazing.
he pushed them aside.
michael, i reached down to his hair.
no.
he swatted my hand away.
do you have any idea how much trouble id be in if you messed up my do.
i laughed but then his mouth was hot and wet against me and i gripped the sofa, digging my nails into the fabric.
oh my god.
he made an mmm sound against me and licked from my entrance to my clit.
michael, please, i gasped.
we are in a church.
my plea fell on deaf ears.
he pressed harder against my thighs and fastened his mouth around my nub, lashing it with his tongue, the piercing touching me just right.
my hips moved against him despite my efforts to resist.
when he sank two fingers inside me, i was gone.
i rubbed my pussy against his face, ignoring where i was, what i was wearing, the fact that i was getting married in under an hour.
all i could think was how good his mouth felt on me, how amazing his fingers worked inside me.
i was fucking his face in the house of the lord and nothing short of a lightning bolt or being dowsed with holy water would make me stop.
the pressure built inside me.
he was holding nothing back, going after my clit and moving his fingers on my spot.
my hips were wild against him, rubbing his face, his tongue.
he groaned as i seized and made a strangled sound.
i came in a rush, shattering and calling his name as he continued to tongue me beneath my wedding dress.
when my body finally relaxed, he withdrew his fingers, kissed my pussy, then straightened my panties.
i could feel him standing and pushing down the stack of tulle that was my skirt.
i do not know if this looks right, and not just because i can not see it.
he kept patting the dress.
it is fine.
i will fix it.
it is glad you lovebirds made up.
daisy voice.
how long had she been in here.
i just walked in.
calm down.
though everyone in the church heard you moaning michael you dirty hussy.
daisy laughed.
i wanted to melt into the couch.
come on, michael.
do not you have a woman to mar jesus, you are the most beautiful bride i have ever seen.
craig voice.
i smiled in what i thought was his direction.
ok, all boys out.
go.
now.
daisy barked orders.
i love you, i said.
michael patted around until he found my hand again and dropped another reverent kiss on the back of it.
i love you, too, jess.
see you at the altar.
chapter nine jess i turned over, letting the warm sun play along my back.
all right, all right, all right.
michael did his best matthew mcconaughey impression and grabbed the bottle of sun screen.
do you have any idea how much i love it when it is time to re apply.
i think i have a pretty good idea, yes.
especially given that i have not gotten so much as a single tan line the entire time we have been here.
i laughed as he undid the clasp at the back of my bikini top and started slathering me with lotion.
you are fair.
i like your skin just like it is.
well, i like to add bite marks from time to time.
he moved his hands lower, going much further than necessary into my bottoms with the sunscreen.
hed given me plenty of bite marks during the three days wed been in this paradise.
we were honeymooning on a small island off the coast of thailand.
the sun was warm every day, the water lapping gently at the shore.
it was the most beautiful place id ever seen.
but the nights were by far the best part.
michael and i seemed to be on a non step sex binge ever since the preacher pronounced us husband and wife.
hed taken me into one of the antechambers right after the ceremony and made it official before the reception.
then again after the reception.
then again once we reached our hotel that night.
i sighed as he continued rubbing the lotion down my legs.
i should have felt self conscious, i supposed, given that i was curvier than the models he used to date.
i was not.
he always made me feel beautiful, no matter what i was wearing or how i thought i looked.
i smiled as he lotioned each toe and giggled when he put his fingers in between them.
stop.
you know i can not handle that.
it is tickle torture.
have to cover all my bases, wildcat.
any red on this gorgeous body will be coming from my hands, not the sun.
once he was satisfied that even the strongest rays were not going to touch me, he lay back on his divan.
adjusting his sunglasses, he said, i can not wait for you to flip over again.
given that the last time i flipped to my back, hed pulled down my bottoms and fucked me hard until i came screaming his name, i could not wait, either.
we had the entire swath of beach to ourselves.
hed planned our honeymoon to perfection.
the villa where we were staying was far too large for just the two of us, but hed wanted the best  best house, best beach, best food.
i was stuffed in more ways than one every night.
i eventually dozed off to the sound of the gentle waves and woke to him standing over me.
let is go up, mrs.
williams.
your snoring is cute, but your stomach growling means it is time to eat.
i sat up and stretched.
i do not snore.
sure you do not.
he pulled me to my feet and we climbed the steps to the house.
ms.
pim was already cooking when we walked through the kitchen.
smells great, i said as she smiled.
she was small and maybe sixty years old or so.
she lived in the villa year round and took care of all the guests.
id grown so fond of her that i kind of wanted to kidnap her and bring her back with us to san diego.
let is change and then eat and then id like to eat again in private.
michael scooped me up and threw me over his shoulder.
i beat at his back, but he just laughed and carried me to our bedroom on the second floor.
he put me down and i scurried into the bathroom, still not quickly enough to avoid his swat on my ass.
what do you want to wear out of the black suitcase.
umm.
i swiped my hair up into a high ponytail and removed my bathing suit, hanging it on the glass door to the shower.
the pink cover up, i guess.
i rinsed my face with cool water.
i have no idea what that even he trailed off.
what is it.
i walked back into our room.
michael was sitting naked on the bed with a business card in his hand.
what is that.
i pulled out a pair of panties from the suitcase and put them on, but he did not move, just stared at the card.
i sat down next to him.
michael.
you okay.
his green eyes met mine.
who big stick.
what.
the name was familiar and utterly ridiculous, but i could not quite place it.
why do you have a card with the name big stick and a phone number on it in your pocket.
he pointed to the white dress id worn to my bachelorette party.
id just thrown it in with everything else when id packed up at my aunt is house before the wedding.
when i realized where id gotten the card, i laughed.
michael did not.
who is he, jess.
a muscle ticked in his jaw.
a stripper.
i bit his shoulder and batted my eyelashes at him as he glowered.
why do you have a stripper card in your pocket.
his voice was strained and his mouth was a thin line.
i crawled into his lap so i straddled him.
because i think he must have slipped it in my pocket as i was leaving the club.
remember the guy i told you about that embarrassed me and took me up on stage.
that was big stick.
he asked.
right.
i nuzzled against his neck.
his jealousy turned me on more than seemed appropriate.
he gripped my ass and pulled me even closer.
does he know you are mine.
well, he did say congratulations on my wedding, but then gave me his card, so i do not know if in one smooth movement, michael ripped my panties off and tossed me onto my back.
say you are mine.
i shrugged.
i mean, i guess you could say i am maybe he pushed inside me and i squealed at the sudden intrusion.
he smoothed his cock out and then back in, as deeply as he could go.
now, tell me you are mine.
his voice was a low growl and he bit my neck to make his point.
i gave in.
i always did.
there was nowhere else id rather be, no other man for me.
i am yours.
and i am yours.
he kissed me, his mouth expertly making a slave out of me as he fucked me wildly.
i lifted my hips to meet his thrusts as he clutched me to him.
he grew rougher, as if trying to instill himself in every cell of my body.
he was already there.
every piece of me was linked with a piece of him.
he reached between us and rubbed my clit, making me moan and writhe with each of his hard impacts.
michael.
look in my eyes.
can anyone else fuck you like this.
i stared at him, marveling at the intensity of his gaze as he pistoned into me harder than i thought possible.
every impact jarred me and gave me so much pleasure i was panting.
his thumb on my clit was working me into a frenzy.
no, i breathed.
can any other man give you what you need.
no.
only you.
damn right.
i am going to come so deep inside you, wildcat.
mark my goddamn territory.
he nipped at my jaw before kissing to my neck and sucking my skin between his teeth.
i dug my nails into his back and held on for the ride.
my breasts pressed against his chest and i cried out as he gripped my hair, wrenched my head to the side, and bit down hard on my throat.
the sting of pain intensified every sensation and i came all at once, rushing over the cliff and calling his name as i fell.
fuck yes, wildcat, he grunted and sank deeply inside me.
his cock grew even harder and kicked as he filled me.
my pussy spasmed one final time and i shuddered beneath him.
he kissed the bite on my throat before working his way to my mouth.
his lips were gentle, the frenzy gone.
i just could not stand the thought of someone else touching you, he whispered against my mouth.
i wrapped my arms around his neck.
i am yours.
for as long as you want me.
i am yours.
i love you.
he smiled and pulled back, wiping a sweaty lock of hair from my forehead as he stared deeply into my eyes.
forever, then.
you are mine forever.
if you enjoyed this naughty tale, please leave a review and help other readers.
happy valentine day from celia the first two chapters of counsellor are free at the end of this ebook.
other books by celia aaron in the heart of louisiana, the most powerful people in the south live behind elegant gates, mossy trees, and pleasant masks.
once every ten years, the pretense falls away and a tournament is held to determine who will rule them.
the acquisition is a crucible for the southern nobility, a love letter written to a time when barbarism was enshrined as law.
now, sinclair vinemont is in the running to claim the prize.
there is only one way to win, and he has the key to do it stella rousseau, his acquisition.
to save her father, stella has agreed to become sinclair slave for one year.
though she is at the mercy of the cold, treacherous vinemont, stella will not go willingly into darkness.
as sinclair and stella battle against each other and the clock, only one thing is certain the acquisition always ends in blood.
buy now lucius vinemont has spirited me away to a world of sugar cane and sun.
there is nothing he cannot give me on his lavish cuban plantation.
each gift seduces me, each touch seals my fate.
there is no more talk of depraved competitions or his older brother  the one whod stolen me, claimed me, and made me feel things i never should have.
even as lucius works to make me forget sinclair, my thoughts stray back to him, to the dark blue eyes that haunt my sweetest dreams and bitterest nightmares.
just like every dream, this one must end.
christmas will soon be here, and with it, the second trial of the acquisition.
buy now short sexy reads by celia aaron bad boy valentine the hard and dirty holidays jess has always been shy.
keeping her head down and staying out of sight have served her well, especially when a sexy photographer moves in across the hall from her.
michael has a budding career, a dark past, and enough ink and piercings to make jess mouth water.
she is well equipped to watched him through her peephole and stalk him on social media.
but what happens when the bad boy next door comes knocking.
a stepbrother for christmas the hard and dirty holidays annalise dreads seeing her stepbrother at her family christmas get together.
niles had always been so nasty, tormenting her in high school after their parents had gotten married.
british and snobby, niles did everything he could to hurt annalise when they were younger.
now, annalise has not seen niles in three years he been away at school in england and annalise has started her pre med program in dallas.
when they reconnect, dark memories threaten, sparks fly, and they give true meaning to the hard and dirty holidays.
fck of the irish the hard and dirty holidays eamon is my crush, the one guy i can not stop thinking about.
his irish accent, toned body, and sparkling eyes captivated me the second i saw him.
but since he slept with my roommate, who claims she still loves him, he been off limits.
despite my prohibition on dating him, he has other other ideas.
resisting him is the key to keeping my roommate happy, but giving in may bring me more pleasure than i ever imagined.
forced by the kingpin forced series, book i have been on the trail of the local mob kingpin for months.
i know his haunts, habits, and vices.
the only thing i did not know was how obsessed he was with me.
now, caught in his trap, i am about to find out how far he and his local cop on the take will go to keep me silent.
forced by the professor forced series, book i have been in professor stevens class for a semester.
he brilliant, severe, and hot as hell.
i have not been particularly attentive, prepared, or timely, but he has not said anything to me about it.
i figure he must not mind and intends to let me slide.
at least i thought that was the case until he told me to stay after class today.
maybe he will let me off with a warning.
forced by the hitmen forced series, book i stayed out of my father business.
his dirty money never mattered to me, so long as my trust fund was full of it.
but now i have been kidnapped by his enemies and stuffed in a bag.
the rough men who took me have promised to hurt me if i make a sound or try to run.
i know, deep down, they are going to hurt me no matter what i do.
now i am cuffed to their bed.
will i ever see the light of day again.
forced by the stepbrother forced series, book dancing for strange men was the biggest turn on id ever known.
until i met him.
he was able to control me, make me hot, make me need him, with nothing more than a look.
but he was a fantasy.
just another client who worked me up and paid my bills.
until he found me, the real me.
now, he backed me into a corner.
his threats and promises, darkly whispered in tones of sex and violence, have bound me surer than the cruelest ropes.
at first i was unsure, but now i know  him being my stepbrother is the least of my worries.
forced by the quarterback forced series, book for three years, id lusted after jericho, my brother best friend and quarterback of our college football team.
he never paid me any attention, considering me nothing more than a little sister he never had.
now, i am starting freshman year and i am sharing a suite with my brother.
jericho is over all the time, but he will never see me as anything other than the shy girl he met three years ago.
but that is not who i am.
not really.
to get over jericho  and to finally get off  i have arranged a meeting with hardcoredom.
if i can not have jericho, i will give myself to a man who will master me, force me, and dominate me the way i desperately need.
zeus taken by olympus, book one minute i am looking after an injured gelding, the next i am tied to a luxurious bed.
i never believed in fairy tales, never gave a second thought to myths.
now that i have been kidnapped by a man with golden eyes and a body that makes my mouth water, i am not sure what i believe anymore.
but i know what i want.
counsellor acquisition series, book celia aaron counsellor acquisition series, book celia aaron copyright celia aaron all rights reserved.
this copy is intended for the original purchaser of this e book only.
no part of this e book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without prior written permission from celia aaron.
please do not participate in piracy of books or other creative works.
this e book is a work of fiction.
while reference may be made to actual historical events or existing locations, the names, characters, places and incidents are products of the author imagination, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
warning this e book contains sexually explicit scenes and adult language and may be considered offensive to some readers.
please store your files wisely, away from under aged readers.
this book is a dark romance.
if dark romance bothers you, this book is not for you.
if dark, twisty, suspenseful, and sexy or any combination of those words interest you, then enjoy.
cover art by l.j.
at mayhemcovercreations.com editing by j.
brooks chapter one sinclair in the heart of every man is a darkness.
primal.
instinctive.
at its most basic, it is a desirous nature one that covets, demands, takes.
most men brick it up behind a wall of self control.
they invest time and effort in maintaining the separation.
these men, good men, control the darkness until it withers away and becomes nothing more than a shadow haunting their innermost thoughts.
something easily forgotten, dismissed, erased.
i have never been a good man.
my darkness is neither restrained nor buried.
it lives right at the surface.
the only thing that hides it is my mask.
my mask is the law, the light, the pursuit of justice.
it is forthright and airy.
it is the appearance of righteousness in a fallen world.
the mask i wear is purely the act of a predator.
theater.
pageantry.
deceptive and lethal.
it allows me to get close and closer still until it is time to strike.
i stalk so near that my prey can feel the tickle of my breath, the coldness of my heart, the depth of my depravity.
only a whisper separates me from what i desire.
then the mask falls away, and all my victim sees is darkness.
chapter two stella the district attorney sat completely still at the dark, polished table across the courtroom.
my father sat in front of me at an identical table, but he was full of nervous energy.
he shifted, ran a hand through his silver hair, and leaned over to whisper to his attorney.
i clasped my hands in my lap until the ring on my index finger dug into my flesh.
this was the last chance my father had for freedom, the last day he would be able to throw himself on the mercy of the court.
my gaze wandered back to the district attorney, the one who had my father arrested.
investigators scrutinized every last cent the old man ever invested or borrowed.
and, just like that, my world became a smoldering heap of ashes.
all because of one man.
sinclair vinemont was unmoving, like a spider poised on a web, waiting for the slightest sensation of movement from a hapless moth.
my father was the moth, and vinemont was about to destroy him.
the investigation and prosecution had been the careful work of a master.
vinemont had woven the cocoon tighter and tighter until my father was caught from all sides.
he had nowhere to run, nowhere to try and hide from vinemont is poison.
dad was being systematically dismantled by the silent monster in a perfect suit.
i wanted to crumble.
i could not.
dad needed me.
no matter the long list of allegations and the even longer list of evidence against him, he was my father.
he had always been there for me.
always protected me, stood by me, and encouraged me.
even after what my mother had done.
even after what i had done.
i would not leave his side.
he was staring down a hefty prison sentence.
even if the worst happened, i would visit him, call him, write him, and keep him company until the day he got out.
i owed him that and much more.
i stared at vinemont so hard i hoped he would burst into flames from the sheer heat of my hatred.
id wished for his demise for so long it had become like second nature to me.
i hated him, hated every slick word from his mouth, every breath he took.
vinemont is downfall was stuck on replay in mind.
as i glared at his back, he remained tranquil, completely at ease despite my father coming apart with worry at the table next to him.
i forced myself to drop my gaze, lest anyone see me glaring at him with embittered rage.
i could not bear for my father to suffer any further torment, especially not if it was based on any of my actions.
my hands were pale in my lap, a white contrast to my dark pinstriped skirt.
i took a deep breath and settled myself.
it would do no good for me to fall apart now.
not in the face of my father sentencing.
i let out my breath slowly and looked up.
something was different.
i darted my gaze to the side.
sinclair vinemont sat just as still, but now his eyes were trained on me.
his gaze pierced me, as if he were seeing more than my exterior.
i refused to turn away and, instead, gave him a matching stare full of righteous anger.
we were locked in a battle, though not a word was said and no one threw a punch.
i would not look away.
i would not let him win even more than he already had.
i perused his appearance more fully than i had ever dared.
he would have been handsome dark hair, blue eyes, and a strong jaw.
he was tall, broad, fit.
the perfect man except for the ice i knew coated his heart.
the internet had told me everything i needed to know about him.
single, old money, career in public service, and at twenty nine years old, he was the youngest district attorney in parish history.
the only thing i did not know about him was why he would dare look at me, why he thought he had any right to pin me with his gaze after hed ruined my life.
i wanted to spit in his face, claw his eyes, and make him hurt the same way hed hurt my father and me.
the door at the front of the courtroom opened and the judge entered, a stark, elderly man in black robes.
vinemont finally turned away, vanquished for the time being.
everyone in the courtroom stood.
the judge shuffled to his seat behind a high wall of wood and state insignias, far above the spectators and lawyers.
be seated.
despite his apparent age, his voice boomed, echoing off the dusty shutters and up into the gallery above.
counsellor vinemont he trailed off, sorting through the papers on his desk.
my father sank into his chair and turned to grant me a thin smile.
i tried to smile back to give him some sort of comfort, but it was too late.
hed already faced forward, watching the judge.
i willed the judge to let my father go, to suspend his sentence, to do anything except take him away from me.
i had no one else.
no mother.
no one except dylan, and i refused to rely on him for anything.
vinemont stood and fastened the top button of his suit coat before stepping from behind the table.
he was tall, and like so many dangerous things, effortlessly beautiful.
the bespectacled, bearded judge was still rifling through sheets upon sheets of documents when vinemont spoke.
judge montagnet, i have several victims lined up to speak against mr.
rousseau.
his deep southern drawl was an affront to my ears.
even so, words spilled off his tongue with ease.
he could charm the devil himself.
as far as i was concerned, sinclair vinemont was the devil.
i wished wed never left new york, never travelled to this backwoods bayou full of snakes.
vinemont condemned my father with airy ease every chance he got.
no one spoke against him.
no one countered his venomous lies other than the ham handed defense attorney my father hired.
so many of the people wed met in this town were good, forthright souls or so id thought.
they were not here.
they did not sit on my father side to give him support against vinemont is false charges.
they had not come to testify that my father sentence should be reduced or that he should be granted mercy.
it was only me and rows upon rows of empty, cold pews.
we were alone.
on vinemont is side of the courtroom, two rows full of people, maybe twenty in all, sat and glared at dad and me.
most of them were elderly men and women who had invested with my father.
they blamed him for losing their money when all he did was invest as they requested.
he had no control over the market, or the crashes, or the resulting instability.
my father was not the monster vinemont had made him out to be.
one of the women, gray and wrinkly, met my gaze and made the sign of the evil eye.
i only knew what it was because shed done it before, the last time id seen her in court during my father trial.
id looked it up and realized she was cursing me.
with each movement of her hand, she was willing destruction down on my head.
i looked away, back to the true reason for my father disgrace and my desperation.
sinclair vinemont.
the judge nodded.
bring up your first witness, counsellor.
i steeled myself as one by one, the alleged victims walked, limped, or wheeled past me to testify against my father.
their tears should have moved me, their tales of trust broken and fortunes lost should have forced some shred of empathy from my heart.
all i felt was anger.
anger at them for getting my father into this mess.
more than that, anger at vinemont as he stood and patted the victims on the shoulder or the arm and gave out hugs like he was running for office.
every so often i could have sworn he leered back at me, some sort of smug satisfaction on his hard face.
the day droned on with story after story.
with each witness, dad slumped down farther in his chair, as if trying to melt away into the floor.
i wanted to put my hand on his shoulder, tell him things could be fixed.
instead, i sat like a statue and listened.
the accusations stung me like a swarm of hornets.
after the sixth or seventh witness, i went numb from their venom.
despite the breadth of the charges, i did not doubt my father.
not for a moment.
vinemont had done all this to ensure his reelection or for some other, similarly vile purpose.
when the last witness finally turned her walker around and shuffled back to her seat, the silence became a separate presence.
heavy, ominous, and draining, like a specter haunting the empty spaces of the room.
my father remained hunched forward, his head bowed.
well, judge, i think you have heard enough.
vinemont held his hands out beside him, the show at an end.
i have.
i am going to need the evening to think on the sentence.
he glanced around the courtroom, his impassive gaze stopping on me for a moment longer than anyone else.
i will have my verdict in the morning.
vinemont turned to the judge and gave him a slight nod.
judge montagnet returned the nod and then banged his gavel.
court is adjourned.
just let me make you feel better.
dylan leaned over me, pushing me sideways onto the ancient leather sofa in my father library.
i can not do this right now.
i tried to push him off but he pressed harder, overcoming my balance so i fell on my back beneath him.
he put his mouth to my neck, sucking my skin between his teeth.
he was large and well muscled thanks to endless lacrosse and rowing.
he crushed me and constricted my chest.
please, dylan.
i gasped.
i should have been afraid.
i was not.
i was still dazed from the courthouse.
dylan was just adding to the long line of disappointments id suffered over the past six months.
he pushed his knee between my legs.
i can make it all go away for you, he murmured against me.
just let me make you feel good for a minute.
you need a break.
he forced his hand up my skirt.
stella.
where are you.
my father voice calling my name had my stepbrother off me in a heartbeat.
dylan gripped my hand and yanked me into a sitting position as he straightened his button down and smoothed his blonde hair.
he winked at me.
the bastard.
when dad did not show up in the doorway, i knew it was the come here sort of call.
i have to go.
later, dylan whispered.
not if i can help it.
dylan had taken one youthful mistake committed years ago and turned it into some sort of lifelong flame.
no matter how many times i told him, he just did not believe that twenty five year old me was not the same as the foolish, needy nineteen year old i once was.
when my father and i had moved to louisiana, we were despondent.
mom had left this world without saying goodbye or giving an explanation.
dad and i were adrift, trying to come up with some way to carry on even though our heart was gone, buried in the cold ground of a new york cemetery.
dad eventually took a liking to dylan mother and tried to make a new start with her and, admittedly, her family fortune.
neither venture worked out and they divorced after only six months.
dylan and i were mismatched step siblings if ever there were any.
i painted and read.
he loved sports and abhorred learning of any sort if it did not have to do with xs and os on a whiteboard.
still, i was sad and desperately looking to feel something, anything, in the wake of my mother death.
dylan was there and more than willing.
so, i did something foolish.
it was my first time my only time and i did not exactly regret it afterward, i just did not think about it.
it was a non event for me.
that was not the case for dylan, unfortunately.
i shook thoughts of him from my mind as i followed my father voice to the back of the house and into his study.
dad had sunk our last few dimes into this turn of the century victorian home.
the whimsical faade was charming.
the leaking ceilings and drafty windows.
not so much.
even so, it had been a safe place until vinemont is tendrils had begun to invade, first with visits from investigators, then the arrest, then the searches.
vinemont had shown up each step of the way, reveling in the torment he inflicted.
for the millionth time that day, i hoped vinemont would spontaneously combust.
then i strode into my dad study.
the fire was crackling, and the room smelled of my father pipe.
the atmosphere in that room always had a way of putting me at ease, making me feel safe.
even now, after all wed been through, i still felt a familiar comfort when i walked in.
along the back wall near the high windows, hed arranged the draft paintings and sketches i had not sent to the local gallery.
id caught him so many times just standing in front of whichever piece hed decided to peruse for the moment, staring into it as if it held some sort of answer.
my mother had taught me to paint.
maybe he was seeing her in the strokes and lines.
my feet hit the soft persian rug that i used to play on as a child, bringing me back to the here and now.
my father sat in his favorite wingback chair near the fire.
the room felt fuller, somehow more occupied than usual, as if there was less air or not enough space.
despite the crackling flames, the room was colder, darker.
my familiar comfort drained away.
someone else was sitting in the matching chair facing my father, though i could not see who it was.
my pace slowed as i saw my father stricken look.
his wrinkled, yet still handsome face was pale, even in the flickering firelight.
the first coils of dread snaked around my heart, constricting it slowly.
dad.
then i caught the scent of him.
whenever i passed him in the courthouse or when he came too close to where my father and i sat, id gotten a taste of this same scent.
woodsy and masculine with a hint of some sort of sophisticated tinge.
my knees threatened to buckle but i kept going until i stood behind my father chair and faced my enemy.
vinemont is cold gaze appraised every inch of my body.
stella.
id never heard him say my name.
he spoke it with his signature arrogance, as if just uttering the word was somehow beneath him.
i scowled.
what is this.
what are you doing here.
i was just discussing a business arrangement with your father.
he does not seem inclined to accept my terms, so i thought i would run them past you.
see if i got a different result.
get out, i hissed.
he smirked, though there was no joy in his eyes, just an inscrutable coldness that radiated out and made my skin tingle.
i think you should leave.
dad voice broke on the last word.
do you, now.
vinemont never took his eyes from me.
before i have had the chance to give stella the particulars.
i put my shaking hands on the back of my father chair.
what are you talking about.
nothing.
mr.
vinemont should be leaving.
my father voice grew a bit stronger.
y you can not be here talking to my father without his attorney.
i forced the tremor to leave my voice.
i know the law, vinemont.
vinemont shrugged, his impeccable dark gray suit rising and falling with the movement.
if you are not interested in keeping your father out of prison, then i will go.
he did not move, simply watched me with the same dark intensity.
goosebumps rose along the back of my neck and shoulders.
what is this.
what do you mean.
i asked.
how.
as i was just explaining to your father, i have a certain deal to offer.
if you accept it, then he will stay out of prison.
if not, then he will be going away for the maximum sentence fifteen years.
a plea deal.
but you have refused this whole time to make any deal at all.
my voice rose, anger influencing every word.
you were in the papers, telling anyone and everyone that you would do nothing short of seeing my father rotting in prison.
plea deal.
i never said anything about a plea deal.
i did not realize you were this foolish.
he steepled his fingers and canted his head to the side.
he looked like satan, the firelight dancing along his strong features.
no, stella.
i already have a conviction, nothing left but sentencing for him.
and i have no doubt he will get the max.
i have made sure of it.
he spoke as if i was a small, slow child in need of extra after school help.
