 chapter three i set course for port royal.
the men seem almost jubilant, relief clear in their easy movements, their lack of intensity.
meeting death and walking away can do that to a man.
i can not allow such lax attitudes on my ship.
i stare them down, hell in my eyes and fire on my tongue.
maybe i am angry at losing the chest, but i do not care.
these deck hands are the worst murderers, rapists, and deserters.
they live the pirate life because they have no other choice.
and i intend to work them as i see fit.
i turn the helm and set it so the rudder sends us toward home.
scab.
get over here.
he runs up the steps to the quarter deck, his good eye giving a wary glint.
scab is the best of the worst, the one sailor on my crew who i trust with the helm when i am occupied.
keep course heading south.
i whip off my hat and my navy kerchief and wipe my face.
salt and sweat come away on the fabric as my hair rustles in the breeze.
aye.
scab nods and takes the helm.
i survey the sea dogs who all but wear my collars.
hard workers and loyal but only because they fear me.
i intend to keep it that way.
the kraken is just one of the many beasts that lurk beneath the deeper waters of the caribbean.
there is no time to let up, to get lax, to do anything but exactly what i tell them to do.
listen up, you lot of salty cunts.
my gravelly voice stops them in their tracks, and i eye each one of them in turn.
if i so much as think one of you is going soft, you will meet the same fate as gravy.
you hear me, you lily livered squabs.
aye aye, captain.
they yell and ready the mainsail to catch the full brunt of the wind.
we will sail all night to get back to port.
there, we will load up with rum and other forbidden goods to take to the british colonies scattered throughout these waters.
but first, we will get our fill of drink and whores.
i intend to get a head start on the women.
smoothing a hand through my hair, i hustle down the stairs to the main deck.
the door to my quarters is shut tight, and inside lies the only treasure i managed to save from the wreck.
i smile when i think of how soft her skin will be under my rough hands, how tight her pussy will be around my cock.
opening the door slowly, i spy her sitting on the bed.
her back is to me, and she holds something up to the light through the cabin windows.
a sweet scent wafts across my nose her scent and my cock strains against my trousers.
if she tastes half as good as she smells, i am in for a treat.
her damp hair cascades down her back in a white waterfall, and i already know how perfect it will look with my hands in it as her head bobs up and down on my shaft.
she hears me and stows whatever she was looking at.
what have you there, lass.
she turns, her bright blue eyes widened with fright.
nothing.
i take the few steps to the bed, unhook my scabbard and sword, and reach for my belt.
she glances down and cringes back against the cabin windows.
please do not.
she so small.
i could easily pin her and take everything i want.
but she no three penny harlot.
she something more.
i see it in her eyes, hear it in her voice.
have you never been with a man before.
i ask and reach for the hem of her dress, the light yellow lace reminding me of a civilized past id given up years ago.
n no.
she shakes her head, and her lip trembles.
i unbutton my pants and pull out my cock, stroking it as i study the curves of her small breasts.
she clenches her eyes shut.
open your eyes.
n no, please.
her voice shakes.
i ease my hand up and down my stiff length, and i want nothing more than to hold her down and fuck her raw.
but her trembling form speaks to something in me beneath the layers of salt and the years of dirty deeds.
i will make you a deal.
i keep stroking, imagining it is her pussy around my cock instead of my hand.
her eyes flutter open and she holds my gaze, never lowering it.
what deal.
i stay my hand even though my balls are fizzing and demanding release.
i swear i will not touch you.
she lets out a sigh of relief.
thank you.
not so fast, my lovely.
i will need something in return.
i smirk as her face falls.
she draws her knees up and wraps her arms around them.
what.
i will not touch you, if you show me what is beneath that dress.
take it all off for me, slowly.
no.
she tries to meld herself into the cabin wall at her back, but there nowhere to go.
wood boards and tiny windows offer her no reprieve from me.
i take what i want.
and right now, i want her.
i shrug.
if that is how you want to play it.
reaching down, i grab her ankle and yank her down onto the bed.
she screams, so i slap my hand over her mouth and use my other to yank her dress up to her hips.
her thighs are soft and warm, and my cock demands i seat myself as deep inside her as possible.
tears well in her light eyes and roll down her porcelain skin.
i will give you one more chance, pretty one.
either you strip and let me look upon your body while i relieve myself of this, i thrust my cock against her thigh, or i will take your maidenhead.
she squeaks as i stare down at her.
i want to take her.
my black heart demands i shove inside her, but something else stays my hand.
the conscience i thought id drowned long ago tells me not to hurt her.
not until she begs me to.
nod if you agree to my terms.
i surge my hips up, my cock making contact with a soft thatch of hair on her pussy.
she tries to jerk away from me, but i am six feet, five inches of weathered pirate.
she going nowhere.
slowly, she settles and nods.
i lean closer to her face, taking in her sweet scent.
i wish you would have refused, my lovely.
i bet your pussy is tighter than a closed fist and hotter than the furnaces of hades.
another set of tears well in her enchanting eyes.
i rise off her and back up a step.
now, strip.
she sits up and wipes her tears with her lace sleeve.
but they do not stop falling.
she does not look at me as she reaches behind her back and unbuttons the bodice.
i stroke myself, my cock so hard it hurts.
once the buttons are unhooked, she pulls the sleeves off and presses the dress to her chest.
her skin is almost effervescent, so fair that i doubt the sun has ever graced it.
i lick my lips.
keep going, lovely.
all of you.
i have to slow my hand or i will come on the floor instead of her body.
i may not touch her, but i will sure as fuck make my mark.
she takes a deep breath and shoves the dress down.
her breasts are small, not quite a handful, and the light pink nipples are upturned and hard.
i force myself to stay put, though i want them in my mouth.
standing, she shucks the dress to her feet and crosses her arms over her perfect tits.
i growl, the animal inside me needing more from her.
so much more.
the pantalets.
take them off.
another tear rolls down her cheek, shimmering like gossamer on the wings of a fairy.
please.
she bites her lip, and i almost lose it.
do it now or i am going to ram my cock so deep inside you, you will be sore for a week.
she shudders and reaches to the ribbon at her slim waist.
with a pull, the material shrouding her pussy falls to the cabin floor.
jesus christ.
my cock jerks as i drink her in.
pale golden curls grace her pink pussy, and her legs are slender and perfect.
i have never seen a more beautiful woman, or one that i wanted to dirty up so badly.
my hands belong on you, lovely.
my cock belongs buried in your mouth, your cunt, your ass.
she recoils, but the bed is right behind her, so she sits, her perky tits bouncing and driving me insane with the need to bite them.
i am a man of my word.
rarely.
i advance so i am standing in front of her, my cock at eye level.
this time she looks straight at it, watching as i stroke myself.
lie back and spread your legs.
she sniffles and does as she told, reclining on my bed and opening her knees the slightest bit.
i stand at her feet so i can look on her entire body at once.
wider, i grunt as my balls draw up close to me.
she spreads a tiny bit more.
wider, goddammit.
and look at me.
the harsh edge in my voice gets her to comply, and she spreads her legs for me.
her pussy is the lightest pink, like her nipples, and i stare at it as if i am a starving man and it is my last meal.
why the fuck did i promise not to touch her.
pinch your nipples.
i put a knee on the bed between her legs.
she jolts.
i lick my lips and lean down to her pussy.
her scent.
fuck.
it might drive me insane.
i bet you taste like heaven, my lovely.
sweetness, and pussy, and something that i just know is her.
god, i want to taste it.
can i get a little lick.
she shakes her head and chokes out a no.
i force myself to lean away.
pinch them.
show me.
she slowly moves her hands to her tits and pins her stiff peaks between her dainty fingers.
she biting her lip again, driving me wild.
does it feel good to touch yourself.
she does not respond, only stares at me as i have commanded.
i bet you have never touched this cunt, have you.
never sank your fingers deep inside and pretended it was a man.
do you think youd imagine a man like me.
would you want to be fucked hard and rough until you came on a scream.
because that is what id do to you, over and over again.
her eyes widen, and she thrusts her hips up almost imperceptibly.
she hot for it she just does not know it.
everything about her begs for my cock.
i speed my rhythm and feast my eyes on her body.
my cock can not take much more.
i am going to mark this pretty pussy, my lovely.
write captain cash remington all over it.
would you like that.
she trembles and keeps her gaze on mine as i edge between her legs, careful not to touch her.
she completely at my mercy.
a pirate is about to blow all over you, and i know you want it.
look at my cock.
watch me come.
her eyes flicker down to my hand.
see what you have done to me.
when she licks her lips, i swallow hard.
fuck.
i grunt and stroke harder, squeezing as if it were her around my fat cock head.
one more look at her pussy, now glistening with her own wetness, sends me over the edge.
my release boils up inside me and my cock stiffens as i shoot all over her, coating her with jet after jet of hot come.
she jumps, but does not move away from me.
once i have emptied my balls on her, i sit back on my haunches and catch my breath.
she covers her face with her hands.
was it so bad.
i stand and grab a cloth from my small cabinet.
once i have cleaned my cock off, i toss it to her.
it lands on her stomach, and she jolts again.
something falls to the floor with a glassy tink.
the girl makes a strangled noise, leans over the edge of the bed, and reaches for something.
i glance down.
the huge blue gem from the chest sits on the floor, inches away from her grasp.
chapter four you little thief.
i snatch the gem away from the girl.
me.
she yanks my thin bed sheet over her body.
that stone is mine.
her voice quavers, but there is a strength in it that surprises me.
nothing yours.
not even your life.
i hold the gem up to the light.
its angles and edges shine, and i can see straight through it except for a cloudy portion at its center.
you belong to me now.
i belong to no man.
she tilts her chin up, the fear from moments before replaced with defiance.
you might want to check your cunt.
i lower the gem and look her in the eyes.
it is got me all over it.
it is mine.
she grabs the towel off the bed and shoves it beneath the sheet, wiping herself.
but she will never be clean, not now that i have seen her, all of her.
it is only a matter of time before i am balls deep inside her wet cunt.
do not look at me like that.
she pulls the sheet to her neck.
like what.
i set the gem on the small table in my cabin and pull my pants up.
like that.
like you want to like i want to lick your cunt, fuck you silly, and then take your ass.
her cheeks heat, the color warming the coolness of her eyes.
yes, like that.
i smile and grab my sword.
i am a pirate, my lovely.
i take what i want.
i will have you in short order.
my cock is already trying to kick back into top form.
her body is like a magnet, pulling it out, straight toward her.
you said your name is cash remington.
captain cash remington.
i grab the stone and tuck it into the pouch around my neck.
she glances around, perhaps looking for an escape.
there is none.
i am telling the truth when i say i own her.
i walk to the door, turn, and lean against it.
she stares at me with those otherworldly eyes.
you will need to get dressed unless you want my men to see you like this.
i take my kerchief from my pocket and tie it around my head.
then i snug my black hat down tight and run my index finger along the brim.
when you leave, i will.
you will do it now.
i return her steady gaze.
my eyes are greedy for her.
can you turn around.
i can, but i will not.
i remain still, waiting her out.
you are a filthy brigand.
her ire lights something deep in my chest.
i want to see her rage burn brighter.
i want to taste it.
indeed.
i wink at her and snag a bottle of rum from the shelves by the door.
i take a gulp of the potent liquor, though it tastes no stronger than water to me.
she angrily wipes the last tears from her face and clutches the sheet with one hand while reaching for her dress with the other.
she snags it, but not before i catch a glimpse of her breast and the gentle curve of her waist.
shimmying the material over her head, she drops the sheet.
her nipples flash, but then get covered by the lace.
i tsk and turn to open the door.
what if someone comes.
the worry in her tone is misplaced.
the only man on this ship you need fear is me.
i will be back later, and we will have to strike a new bargain to keep me from taking you.
i glance over my shoulder and catch her glower.
spirited.
she no weakling.
despite her tears, there more to her than a fearful virgin.
i close the door behind me and catch the leers from a couple of my crewmen.
word has clearly spread that a woman is on board.
if any of you so much as look at, oh fuck, i never got her name, the woman, i will gut you and feed your entrails to the sea.
they go about their work as the sun lowers in the west.
after surveying the deck, i dive from the bowsprit and into the waves off the starboard bow.
the sea cools my hot blood and reminds me i belong to the water.
i swim hard to keep up with the ship and then grasp a rope i always leave hanging from the aft.
i pull myself up and scale the hull with ease.
once on deck, i yell at my men to get to work setting the ship to rights and preparing the cargo for transport to shore.
when no one is looking, i step back into my cabin.
the girl sleeps on my bed, her back turned once again, just as id hoped.
i creep to my hidden safe and stow the gem inside.
once it is locked up tight, i return to the deck and enjoy the setting sun and freedom of the ocean.
we are sailing fast and hard toward port, and i am looking forward to collecting every last coin for the rum run we just completed.
one more run and i will have enough to finally claim my heart is fiercest desire, the gloomy lotus the fastest ship on all the oceans of the world.
she sits anchored in port royal.
the pirate who built her, captain lament, hung up his pistols and made a home on the island.
that ship is destined to be mine, not this hulk of pine and pitch beneath me.
i think back to the sparkle of the gem in my safe and smile.
that beauty will fetch a high price, and then i will be done with rum running for good.
i will take my men out into the atlantic and attack merchants and passenger vessels the real money.
captain.
scab yells down, interrupting my reverie.
what.
we got trouble off the port bow.
he points, but i can not see shit, so i dart past my men and to the forecastle deck.
dread ripples up my spine.
a huge whirlpool, thousands of yards wide, gapes and grows, the waters circling as if god had installed a drain in this part of the sea.
but i have traveled this route many a time and never seen such a thing.
something is wrong.
i lean over the rail to see the water beginning to swirl against the keel.
hard starboard.
but captain hard starboard.
i yell loud enough for my throat to burn.
the ship sways sharply, and i hang on to the railing to keep from going overboard.
my men work the sails and get us moving swiftly away.
i let out a sigh of relief as the swirling waters come no closer.
captain.
the desperation in scab voice draws my eye.
what.
he points.
port side, captain, port bow.
i dart across the deck.
seven hells.
we are headed straight for a roiling mass of water.
i do not know what it is, but it can not be a good thing.
between them, scab.
the ship swings back to starboard and closer to the deadly whirlpool.
i run to the bowsprit and climb out, keeping a watch on both approaching dangers so i can yell instructions back to scab.
the ship glides over the water, skirting the edge of the swirling pit and coming too close to the bubbling eruption off the port side.
i move further out the bowsprit and drop down, wrapping my legs around the carved mermaid figurehead.
port.
i yell as the boat begins to tremble on the edge of the whirlpool.
scab corrects course, but there is no escaping both dangers.
the roiling water vomits up a hulking six headed beast.
the scaled heads have multiple eyes and are nearly split in half with mouths of razor teeth.
the monster rises quickly, the heads whipping closer and closer to the ship.
fuck.
if we navigate toward starboard, the entire ship will be lost in the whirlpool.
if we take the port side, the ship could be destroyed and men lost.
captain.
the high note of fear in scab voice spurs me to act.
cut close to port.
avoid the whirlpool.
i yell back as the men rush around the deck, lashing the sails so the ship will obey scab steering.
i tighten my legs around the mermaid and grip her throat.
sorry, lass.
i hope you like it rough.
the heads of the beast are attached to a writhing mass of black flesh with pus pockets oozing yellow filth into the foaming sea.
the heads snap at each other, and some strain to reach the ship.
cunt and cock.
my heart hammers in my chest as we approach the monsters.
the beast is many toothy maws could rip the ship to bits and kill every man aboard.
we remain out of reach, with just enough room to slip between the hazards.
we skirt along the edge of a knife, and i can only hope we do not end up gutted and bleeding on the ocean floor.
i crane my head up to see over the wooden mermaid coral crown.
the waters beyond the terrors are smooth and clear.
we just have to make it.
steady as she goes.
i yell.
the nearest head darts forward, its jaws only yards from the boat.
the black, unblinking eyes focus on me.
my skin crawls as the creature stench rolls over the surging waves.
my men yell and keep the ship moving, the keel slicing through the water toward salvation.
ahh, you fucking ugly asses.
trent, a deckhand, shouts.
i crane my head back to get a look at him.
he standing at the edge of the rail, screaming up at the creatures that are just out of range.
trent, stop.
it is all right, captain.
these sons of whores can not touch me.
he points at the monsters and continues shouting every profanity he can think of.
others congregate around him, laughing and taunting as we get broadside of the hulking mass.
the heads hiss and strain to reach the ship.
i turn my gaze back to the water.
bloody hell.
the whirlpool is expanding, and the ship begins to wobble.
port.
i yell over the hiss of the water and the intermittent roars from the heads.
aye aye.
the men respond, and trent finally quiets.
the spray stings my face as i watch the swirling waters.
a scream rips through the air behind me.
fuck.
the heads are close enough to do damage.
a deckhand is cut down by one the monster teeth slicing his body in half and devouring his torso in one gulp.
another head fastens on the mainsail, ripping and biting it as four more of the monsters crash down on the deck.
they snap their teeth and catch another crewman, trent.
he screams like a woman.
the head lifts him up and another grabs his legs.
they rip him in half, his entrails cascading down onto the deck with a splash.
the whirlpool expands again, but we are not past the heads yet.
wood splinters as one of the monsters snaps the top of the mast clean off.
i pull myself onto the foredeck.
the beasts, their breaths hot and foul, rain blows down onto the ship, ripping men in two.
more screams cut through the falling gloom.
a head slams down in front of me, its dozen black eyes focusing on me.
it jerks toward me and snaps its teeth.
i jump and roll toward the port side.
another head snaps at my back as i stand and run.
keep us out of the whirlpool.
i yell, and run toward the mainsail.
one of the monsters has ripped the ropes from the boom, deflating the sail.
without wind catching in the sails, we will be trapped here and either destroyed by the creature or sucked down by the spinning ocean.
half of a body drops in front of me, spraying me with blood.
i dodge, but then fly forward as one of the beasts rams me in the back.
i hit my head on the deck, and the entire ship begins to shake and whine.
the whirlpool is taking hold.
i roll to the side as another head slams into the deck where id just been lying.
the rope for the mainsail dangles only ten feet away.
i stand and jump to the side as one of the heads darts at me, its mouth open wide.
another sailor runs past me and is gobbled up before he can scream.
the head retreats for only a moment as i run and jump onto the rope.
my momentum swings me over the cargo hold, the doors long since broken.
one head is buried inside, pillaging our stolen goods.
i slam my boot into its fleshy neck and push myself back toward the sail.
it screams, a horrible screeching noise, as i swing away.
i knock into the boom and grab hold with one arm.
with the other, i lash the rope to it.
the main sail now full of holes and tears puffs open with the wind.
we are moving toward calm waters once again.
the ship wobbles and shakes as one of the heads rips the figurehead off the bow.
it crunches the mermaid between its teeth, raining splinters into the ocean and onto the deck.
more screams erupt as the entire vessel begins to tilt.
i glance back to scab.
he gone, and the wheel is swinging hard starboard, the rudder following the pull of the whirlpool.
if i do not make it to the helm and get control, all will be lost.
another head chomps through the timbers of the deck beneath me.
the damn thing is going to rip the ship in half.
i draw my sword and jump.
i land above one of its bulbous eyes, my boot sinking into a massive yellow pustule.
the head bucks beneath me, but i stab into the side of it.
the screeching roars of the beast deafen me until all i hear is ringing.
it writhes and lifts away from the deck.
with a hard yank, my blade slides free, and i drop, landing at the foot of the stairs to the quarter deck.
i rise and stumble up the steps.
the helm swings wildly to starboard, and i yank it toward the port side.
teeth snap above my head, and i duck.
dusk has fallen as the heads continue to rip apart my ship.
my men scream in terror until they are silenced one by one.
i have never seen anything like it in all my years on the sea.
i stay low and keep the helm pointed toward the open water.
it is our only chance to survive.
a head crashes into the deck beside me and gnaws at the timbers.
its eyes watch me, but it does not attack, only digs into the bowels of my ship.
a scream sounds from below.
the girl.
i lock the helm in place and dart away from the head and toward the stairs.
another head crashes down, then another and another until i am surrounded by dozens of eyes and the unmistakable stench of death and decay.
trapped.
still, they ignore me and dig into the wooden deck.
the stairs are blocked, and another scream lofts from my cabin.
i climb to my feet and run at the helm.
i leap over it and roll into a ball.
i hit the main deck with a crack, my ribs aching and the breath knocked from my lungs.
shaking my head, i crawl to my cabin and wrench the door open.
the girl is hiding under the bed, screaming as the creatures crash and chew their way to her.
one of them finally breaks through, its enormous head taking up half the cabin.
the girl screams are the only thing i can hear over the ringing in my ears.
i struggle to stand upright.
her cries urge me to fight.
i rip my sword from its scabbard and dash forward.
the head screams when i pierce its closest eye and dig my blade deep inside.
it explodes with noxious black blood.
i gag and rip my sword out, only to plunge it in again, destroying another eye.
i am about to take out another when the monster rips out of the hole and roars.
another head crashes through.
i give it the same treatment, destroying only one of its eyes before it retreats.
when the space clears, i dart to the bed and pull the girl free, but another head breaks through the deck above, its teeth snapping and splintering the cabin walls.
the girl shakes and clings to my back as the teeth move closer.
i push her behind me and slash across the monster face, lacerating several eyes at the same time.
the roar it unleashes knocks us back onto the bed.
the head snaps wildly at the empty air.
i kick, nailing it in another eye.
it screams, but does not give in.
one of its teeth snags the side of the bed.
it rips the corner of the bed away, the wood groaning and pulling.
it crunches the frame to bits, then spits it out and comes for us again.
i slash in an arc, back and forth, daring it to venture closer.
it hisses.
every hair on my body stands on end.
he will have what belongs to him.
the monster can talk.
its voice is a guttural groan, but i can make out its words clearly.
it snaps at us again, but begins to recede through the deck above.
i hold my sword straight out, waiting for the next head to appear.
a series of deep roars shake the ship, and splinters rain down all over us from the shattered timbers.
i stare up, but see only dark sky and stars.
the monsters are gone.
i lay my head back against the cabin wall and let out a huge breath.
well, fuck a sour cunt.
what was that.
the girl still trembles, her eyes wide.
i do not know.
i have heard tales of such creatures, but only in the mediterranean, not here.
my heart still pounds, and i am covered in blood and the black eye fluid.
never here.
will it come back.
i stand and yank her up with me.
the ship is whining and falling apart around us.
we need to get to the open deck.
come on.
everything in the room is wrecked, but the door is untouched.
i swing it open and survey the blood and destruction wreaked by the filthy monsters.
the sails are all but destroyed, masts splintered, decks pocked with holes, and i see only two men left.
turning, i watch as the six headed beast sinks beneath the water, its heads focused on the ship, the eyes staring.
the whirlpool dissipates and fades.
i whip my handkerchief from my head and wipe my face clean.
it does nothing to calm my thoughts.
the water quiets, giving no hints as to the terrors wed just encountered.
i shake my head and stare up at the endless dark.
what in the queen quim is going on.
chapter five the ship sinks two days later, only two miles out from port royal.
the girl nere is her name my two remaining men, and i all load into the one remaining rowboat and row toward shore.
i keep the gem tucked in a pouch under my shirt.
nere sits in my lap and lays her head against my shoulder.
not from any love for me, but from exhaustion.
none of us have eaten or slept since the day our ship was crippled.
the rowboat, too, is damaged and becomes unmanageable about twenty yards from land.
i jump from the boat, the water to my neck, and pull nere onto my back.
we drag ourselves onto the sand and into the town that sits right on the water.
the bars and brothels are in full swing, a half moon high overhead.
the road is sandy and rutted.
nere stumbles into my side.
i am beat, but i can not let her fall, so i hoist her up in my arms.
she has not given me much information about her ship.
only that she sailed from jamaica with her family until they were set upon by pirates.
problem is, i have blown plenty of holes in ships, boarded them, took who and what i wanted, and left.
but i have never seen a ship torn apart the way hers was.
it would take a prolonged volley from a multitude of cannons to even come close to that level of destruction, and pirates would not waste that much powder and lead on a simple merchant vessel.
even more telling, the ship was still full of bounty.
her answers have not satisfied me, and i intend to discover the truth.
until that time, port royal will provide a respite.
we trudge through the streets, and my men break off and head to their taverns of choice.
my ribs ache, and the rest of my body does not feel much better, but rest is nigh.
up ahead, the meager streetlamps illuminate a sign for the mermaid conch, a favorite inn of mine.
the shabby two story building leans haphazardly toward the street, but it is withstood more hurricanes and storms than most of the shanties in this pirate shithole.
a buxom mermaid perches over the door, her tits spilling over and her long hair curling down to the tip of her wooden fin.
drunks stumble through the street around us, and a prostitute moans with dramatic flair as she fucked up against a pub wall.
nere rests her head on my shoulder, her light breath tickling my neck.
music and laughter swells from the conch as the owner, crook, tosses a patron into the garbage at the edge of the street.
he gotten more piercings since i saw him last.
light glints from several hoops of silver through his lower lip.
and stay out, you lousy piss swilling son of a maggot is cunt.
crook is taller than i am, and twice as broad.
he a titan in this town, so large that many suspect he descended from giants.
he turns toward me, his blind eyes seeking me out in the dark.
cash, that you.
sure is.
howd you know.
i always know the footsteps of a cocky bastard like yourself.
who you carrying.
i walk up to him as the rowdy piano and accordion begin a particularly salty tune, and the entire bar sings along.
girl i found in a shipwreck.
he reaches out, his hand grazing her hair.
i want to slap him away, but i stay my hand.
crook and i have long been friends, and no woman will change it.
come on in and get some food and drink.
i heard your stomach rumbling from fifty paces.
he strokes her hair before drawing his hand away.
she a beauty.
i follow him into the conch, and yells of cash, where my money.
and cash, you lily livered scallywag.
rise up from the crowd.
leave him alone.
you can collect your debts tomorrow.
crook waves a meaty palm, and the pirates return to their wine and women as the music plays.
several of the men eye nere, and i clutch her closer to my chest.
this lot is too rowdy for a beauty like that.
go on up to your usual room.
i will send shade with some food.
crook walks behind the bar and shoots out a fist, knocking a drunk on his ass.
reach for my liquor again, and i will feed your cock to the seagulls.
the bar swells with laughter.
i take the rickety stairs to the second level, passing hannah the whore.
she smiles at me, a white trail of spend still on her chin from her last customer.
nice to see you again, cash.
you too, hannah.
i hurry past her, though she still manages to run her hand over my ass.
nere moans against my neck.
it raises goosebumps along my skin, and my cock grows rigid, despite how tired i am.
i pass another prostitute on the landing and finally make it to my door.
the room is simple a small bed, a cabinet for clothes, and a window but more than a pirate needs.
i lay nere on the bed.
her dress is tattered, the intricate lace destroyed by the hardships of the past few days.
i roll her to her side and start unfastening the back.
my calloused fingers can not grip the fine buttons.
so, i grab the dress and yank.
it tears apart easily, revealing her alabaster skin.
she moans again but does not wake.
i strip the dress down her body.
her tits are revealed, the light pink tips pearling in the open air.
my cock pushes against my trousers.
do i have the strength for one good fuck before i fall asleep.
of course i do.
her pantalets go next.
once she naked, i push her to her back.
my hands itch to touch her, and i want to finally get a taste of the heaven between her legs.
instead, i stand at the foot of the bed and drink her in the rose tipped breasts, small waist, and the pink pussy covered with fine curls.
my cock aches to be inside of her.
i reach down to unbutton my pants when there a quiet knock at the door.
fuck.
i slip the sheet over nere and yank my sword free.
my debts and enemies abound in port royal.
who there.
shade.
her familiar, silky voice filters through the wood.
i open the door, and shade steps inside with a plate of bread, mutton, and cheese.
she carries a bottle of rum in her other hand.
i take both the plate and the bottle.
biting off the cork, i drink, the sweet liquid burning my empty stomach and bringing me back to life.
shade surveys nere sleeping form.
who the girl.
shipwreck survivor.
since when do you take on survivors.
since now.
i snag a piece of bread and tear into it.
stale, but edible.
how captain lament.
shade is the ancient captain woman.
she tends his needs and warms his bed, though i have had a turn or two with her.
she drops her eyes.
he fine.
he has not sold my ship, has he.
the bread settles in my stomach, and exhaustion finally pulls me down.
my ass lands on the bed next to nere.
she needs to eat, but i will let her sleep for a while.
shade picks at the short hem of her skirt.
no, the gloomy lotus has not been claimed.
it will be.
soon.
i think of the gem tucked under my shirt.
she watches me through her lashes.
we will see.
like a magnet, her gaze is drawn to nere.
something sparks in her eyes.
what.
she glances to me.
nothing.
do you know her.
she shrugs.
never seen her before.
i cock my head and stare at shade as silent moments tick away.
if she knows something, she not budging.
okay.
well, thanks for the food.
welcome.
she glances back to nere before turning to the door.
when shade leaves, i lock the door behind her.
my cock swells again as i watch nere soft breasts rise and fall beneath the sheet.
i pull the gem out of my shirt and stow it under the mattress, then i crawl in next to nere.
resting one hand on her tit, i nuzzle into her hair.
i am out in a matter of moments.
chapter six my dreams take me to faraway places.
in one, i am pointing a side arm at a man in foreign garb while a nude brunette hangs on my arm.
in another, i am handling a redhead, but i am in a building of glass, high above the ground.
i wake when the air in the room shifts.
i crack my eyes open.
nere kneels beside the bed and slowly lifts the mattress.
she after the stone.
little minx.
the sun shines in her hair, the light strands almost silver.
i add in a snore so she will think i am still out.
a secret smile plays across her pink lips, and she reaches farther underneath me.
in one swift movement, i yank her up and toss her onto the bed next to me.
she readies to scream, so i slap a hand over her mouth.
i climb on top of her nude body and pin her wrists over her head with one hand.
i push one knee between hers, though she tries to clamp her legs together.
no chance.
i am far too strong to be denied.
i settle between her legs, and i hiss when my cock rests against her hot pussy, only the fabric of my pants separating me from her.
a thief.
i glare into her light eyes.
she does not flinch.
keep it quiet or i will smack you.
i peel my hand from her lips and run it down her side.
her skin is like silk, smooth and warm.
get off me.
her eyes narrow.
no.
i tighten my grip on her wrists and run my hand beneath her, getting a palm full of her ass.
all i want is my stone.
then i will go, and you will never see me again.
i knead her flesh, my fingers creeping close to her pussy.
it is my stone.
you stole it.
i lean down and graze my lips across hers.
i am a pirate.
it is mine.
i will get it one way or another.
she glares up at me in challenge, and now i know i have to fuck her.
the spirited ones always get to me.
it seems we are in a situation.
one where i want something, and you want something.
i smirk at her, and her eyes flicker to my lips.
what do you want.
i thrust my hips against her.
as if you need to ask.
she presses her lips into a thin line and glowers at me.
no.
then i guess i will take the gem and go.
and then you will never see me again.
i release her hands and lean away from her.
my heart pounds, adrenaline coursing through my veins.
i am toying with her.
she going to take every inch of me before we leave this room.
wait.
she places one of her small hands on my thigh.
if i let you have what you want she glances away.
then you will give me the stone.
no.
yes.
i have your word.
her eyes sparkle in the noonday sun pouring through the glassless window.
of course.
as if the word of a pirate is worth anything.
she nibbles her lip, and my cock demands i get on with it.
but i can see you are not interested.
i sit back on my knees and cross my arms over my chest.
she takes a deep breath, her chest expanding and her nipples jutting toward me.
i agree to your terms.
just make it quick.
i grin and reach behind my back to pull my shirt over my head.
she gazes down my wide chest to my abs.
then i stand and push my pants to the floor.
her cheeks redden, and she looks out the window as i climb back on top of her.
do not hurt me.
her voice is small, but it has a breathiness that makes my heart race.
i will do my best.
my cock head lands against her wet pussy, and i groan.
you are wet.
is that bad.
she catches my gaze again.
it is very, very good.
i push against her entrance, my cock harder than it is ever been.
oh.
she licks her lips.
her fingers go to my chest and trace the ink.
what is this.
tattoo.
i stifle a groan at her touch.
tat.
i claim her mouth, and she jumps beneath me.
my tongue licks against her lips, but she does not open.
she still tense, too tense.
if i fuck her the way i want to, she will be in pain.
fuck.
instead of pushing inside, i run my hand to her pussy and swirl two fingers around her clit.
she tenses more and then moans.
i slip my tongue into her mouth, and her eyes open before fluttering closed again.
i sink my fingers lower and draw up some of her wetness, spreading it over her tight nub and rubbing in time with my tongue.
i come up for air.
open your eyes.
she does as she told and meets my gaze.
what are you doing to me.
i smirk and bury my face in her neck, kissing the tender skin over her collar bone.
mmm.
her hands, likely of their own accord, move to my back as i kiss a trail down to her tits.
i take one of her nipples in my mouth her back arches, and her legs fall open wider.
her pussy grows wetter, and i slide a finger lower, pushing inside her tight cunt.
she freezes, but i ease my finger in and out while alternating my attention to each of her tits.
i slip another finger inside her, and she digs her small fingernails into my scalp.
i force myself to take my time.
i will take her flower, but there no need to bruise it too badly not until she begs.
i scoot down the bed and stare at her pretty little pussy.
my mouth waters.
i bend down and slowly lick her clit with the broad side of my tongue.
her hips jerk as i finally get a taste of her sweetness.
i fasten my lips around her little nub as i work my fingers in and out.
she writhes, and i intensify my licking and sucking.
when i feel her tensing to climax, i stop and give her a kiss before climbing back to her mouth.
not yet.
my voice is harsh, drawn taut with need.
she digs her nails deeper into my flesh and makes a frustrated mmm sound.
i ease my fingers out and stroke her clit again.
she moans and turns her head to the side, so i fasten my lips to her neck.
my hips thrust against the bed as i rub and bite and lick her.
i feel i do not know i think i her body tenses again.
come on my fingers.
i push them deep inside her and use my thumb to continue working her clit.
come.
she asks on a pant.
i laugh, low and deep, then bite her neck.
she throws her head back, and her entire body shakes beneath me.
her pussy clamps down on my fingers, and i keep fucking the goddamn bed as her pleasure drags her under the waves.
her mouth is open in a silent o and her eyes are closed as her pussy grasps me tighter and deeper.
when she relaxes, i kiss her again and move my cock to her entrance.
she spent beneath me, boneless.
i ease inside her tight cunt, and she moans and wraps her arms around my neck.
pushing farther, i wait for her to adjust.
she slides her hands down my back to my ass.
hurt.
i can not believe i am asking.
no.
she shakes her head and bites her lip.
i can not wait any longer.
i push in all the way and swallow her squeal with a kiss.
i fuck her mouth with my tongue, but force myself to be still and let her expand for my cock.
her tightness squeezes me as if trying to get me to spend before i get started.
not a fucking chance.
pulling out to the tip, i glide back inside her wet heat and begin a slow rhythm.
she gasps for air when i finally relinquish her lips.
i groan and run an arm beneath her back, forcing her to arch up to me and spread her legs even wider.
her hair calls to me, and i can not help but grip it and pull her head to the side.
she coos when i bite her neck just hard enough to sting.
my hips speed up, and the bed bangs against the wall with each thrust.
she digs her nails into my back as i pump into her, the tightness driving me onward until our skin slaps with each plunge.
i push myself up on my hands and watch her tits bounce.
she holds my gaze with half lidded eyes, and her swollen lips are parted as she pants and moans.
my balls pull up against me, ready to empty inside the beauty in my bed.
i pound her harder, giving her everything i have.
she reaches above her head and braces herself against the headboard.
when she pushes herself onto my cock, i growl at the added friction.
leaning down, i bite the side of her breast, leaving my mark.
cash.
she gasps.
i take the nipple between my lips and suck.
once she starts to writhe and tense, i release her tight bud.
i want you to do it again.
come on my cock this time.
can you do that.
she nods and bites her lip.
i lean down and nibble her lip for her.
raising her hips in rhythm with me, she rubs her clit against me with each stroke.
her pussy grows tighter as i fuck her hard and fast.
she finally meets my tongue with her own.
she given herself to me, and i am going to coat her pussy with my come.
i pull away and stare down at her.
come for me.
i want to feel it.
she locks her elbow against the headboard, forcing herself down on me.
i grunt with each thrust, and a fine sheen of sweat coats my body.
are you close.
i i do not know.
i smirk and lick my thumb before stroking her clit.
she jolts and arches her back.
her climax hits all at once.
her eyes close and she freezes beneath me as i thrust into her clenching pussy.
i keep pounding her, getting every ounce of pleasure out of her that i can.
but when she moans my name, my balls can not take it anymore.
i pull out and spurt all over her curls.
some of it lands on her stomach, and a jet hits the bottom of one of her tits as i stroke myself.
i let out one more grunt and sit back, surveying her body.
my come looks like melted pearls on her luminous skin.
she breathing hard and looks down at her stomach.
with her index finger, she scoops up a little and puts it to her tongue.
my cock tries to kick back to life.
what is it.
she licks her finger clean.
you do not know.
no.
it isdo not worry about it.
she drops her head back on the pillow and takes a deep breath.
so that was coupling.
yes.
i stand and grab a washcloth.
i scrub her down and wipe my cock off before slipping into bed beside her again.
i think i am going to be sore.
she rolls toward me.
i put one hand behind my head and wrap my other arm around her shoulders.
definitely.
did you enjoy it.
i already know the answer.
i just want to hear her say it.
yes.
she runs her fingers along my stomach.
take a nap.
you will need your energy for when you leave with the stone.
she yawns.
you are right.
i think i need a little break after all that.
i pet her hair and feel her eyelashes against my chest as she closes her eyes.
we lie together for almost an hour until i hear her breathing finally even out.
then i ease her off me and cover her up.
digging under the mattress, i pull out the gem, then grab my clothes and slip out the door.
i dress in the hallway.
hannah the whore is asleep on the floor at the end of the hall, her snore rattling in her throat.
i walk up to her and kick her awake.
what.
another customer.
she looks up and smiles, showing come, crusty and white, on her mouth and the tops of her tits.
oh, cash.
i will give you a discount.
no, thanks.
i dig some coins from my leather bag.
she holds her hand out for them.
you must want the full treatment.
no.
i give her the coins.
i want you to keep an eye on the girl in my room.
do not let anyone bother her.
see that she gets out of the inn safely.
then follow her and tell me where she ends up.
i show her another stack of coins.
if you do all this, you will get the second half.
her eyes light up, and she rubs the back of her hand across her mouth.
i can do that.
no problem.
i stand and tuck the second half back in my pouch.
she stares at the coins in her hand likely more than she makes in a week on her back.
i hurry down the stairs.
when i am on the bottom step, she calls, but where will i find you to tell you.
i glance up at her.
i will be at captain lament is mansion.
call for me there.
with that, i am out the door and walking down the bustling street toward my destiny.
i pat the gemstone beneath my shirt.
before the sun sets, i will be aboard my ship, the gloomy lotus.
a twinge of remorse shoots through me for nere, but it can not be helped.
i am a pirate.
i take what i want.
her and the gem included.
chapter seven captain lament is mansion stands atop a bluff overlooking the port, and not coincidentally, the gloomy lotus.
i walk the gravel path lined by palm trees and native flowers as the hot sun beats down on my shoulders.
the house is an overdone tudor with white walls and brown wood crisscrossing the exterior.
captain lament spared no expense when creating this ostentatious home totally incongruous with the simple shacks scattered throughout the rest of the port city.
the gem hangs heavy around my neck, but i am soon to part with it and gain my destiny.
i glimpse the gloomy lotus, its masts and black sails rising in the distance, as i knock on the captain wide front door.
after the first few knocks, a butler opens the door and welcomes me inside.
the captain will see you in his study.
he smiles and bows.
he been expecting you.
expecting me.
i pinch my eyebrows together.
i do not like this.
why would captain lament be expecting me.
please, this way.
he waves a dark hand toward a room on the right, then turns and walks in the same direction.
i follow and enter a room lined with books, nautical instruments, and captain lament sitting at his driftwood desk.
cash.
he stands and offers his hand.
his dreadlocks dangle to his waist, and his skin is far more wrinkled than it was the last time we met.
captain.
we shake, and i take a proffered chair across from him.
how my old boatswain faring.
he sinks into his leather chair and props his wooden leg on a small stool next to him.
doing well, sir.
very well.
he scratches his chin.
that is not what i heard.
i heard you barely made it to port and that your ship is at the bottom of the blue.
his thick island accent is laced with amusement.
all true.
i lean back and let out a breath.
you want to talk about it.
he smiles, the same friendly grin that greeted me the first day i went to work on his ship.
not really.
i gaze around at the room full of seafaring artifacts with more rare finds than a museum.
i like what you have done with the place.
thank you.
i am proud of it.
do you miss it.
i meet his watery brown eyes.
i do not have to explain it.
he knows what i am asking.
some days more than others.
yes.
shade walks in and perches on the arm of his chair.
her short skirt gives me a great view of her long, tan legs.
but there are some things on the mainland that make the sacrifice worth it.
he pats her ass, then turns a serious eye back to me.
let is talk business.
a little birdy tells me you have set your cap for the gloomy lotus.
i ignore shade smirk.
yes, captain.
i think you know i have wanted that ship from the day you finished her.
it just so happens that i can afford her now.
he crosses his arms over his chest.
the rum trade that profitable these days.
not the rum trade.
i dig inside my shirt and pull out the pouch.
like any pirate, captain lament is eyes light up at the sight of possible treasure.
i do not blame him my heart speeds faster, too.
i shake the gem from the pouch and cradle it in my hand.
it catches the light and sends a blue prism onto the bookshelf behind captain lament.
he stands and holds out his hand.
let is have a look.
i pass it to him, and he holds it up to peer at it, turning it every which way.
my eye is drawn to the imperfection at its core, and i can only hope it will not harm the price too much.
as long as it is enough to buy my ship, i do not care about the rest.
i will make my fortune on the sea.
the captain taps a finger on his chin.
something about this is familiar.
something he hobbles to a bookshelf at my back, the steady thunk of his peg leg faster than usual.
i rise and follow him.
he runs his fingers over several books their spines written in latin or greek that i can not read.
he seizes one and pulls it down before taking it over to a map table near the sunny window.
he sets the gem beside the book and flips through its pages.
he runs his finger over the text on certain pages, then shakes his head and keeps searching.
the sun slips behind a cloud, and the wind starts to pick up.
he flips through the pages faster.
shade hovers at his elbow, watching him work.
an uneasy feeling settles in the pit of my stomach.
captain, what is it.
shh.
i need to think.
he keeps flipping past images of sea monsters i can only imagine.
things even more hellish than the kraken or the six headed creature.
no, scratch that.
talk.
he shakes his head.
what destroyed your ship.
it was a i do not know.
there was an enormous whirlpool and some sort of monster.
we were trapped between the two.
the whirlpool kept expanding, so we had to cut too close to the monster.
it had these heads.
there were six of them.
captain lament stills, and his face turns a lighter brown as the blood drains from it.
thunder rumbles over the island and the sky grows even darker.
i cock my head at him.
do you know what it was.
scylla and charybdis.
what.
my confusion only grows with each word from his mouth.
he grabs the gem and peers at it again, staring hard at the center.
where did you get this.
a shipwreck.
there was a girl a girl.
yes.
she said the gem belonged to her.
my face grows hot when i remember how i tricked her.
but i took it.
now it is mine.
give it back.
he holds it out to me.
what.
give it back, and get the hell out of here.
get as far away from here as you can.
he shoves me away from the table.
go.
i have never seen him like this.
his fear is palpable.
captain look.
he shoves the book at me.
thankfully, it is in english.
a drawing of the stone takes up one entire page.
on the other, a description is written in neat letters.
the kraken stone the kraken stone is rumored to belong to poseidon.
the name is a misnomer.
it is not an actual gem or stone.
legend states that the kraken stone contains the very last kraken.
it is, in essence, an egg.
poseidon treasures it above all other items, because the ability to create another kraken, if need be, is a great source of power.
a deep roar cuts through the air.
captain lament thumps his way across the room and yanks his scabbard down from behind his desk.
i skim the rest of the entry on the kraken stone, my eyes unbelieving.
captain, what in the ninth circle of hell is going on cash.
a breathless hannah leans against the doorframe, her bosom heaving over the top of her corset.
the girl.
she she takes a huge gulp of air.
i dash to her.
where.
where is she.
she here.
nere walks in behind hannah.
she dressed as a boy, her hair pulled back in a topknot.
she still beautiful, and only a fool would think she were a man.
i run to the window, but the cliff obscures whatever is making the deafening sounds.
i hear splashes and stones falling.
who the boy.
captain lament asks.
nere is her name.
i back away from the window.
nere.
his eyes narrow, and he points his sword as another roar sounds even louder.
nereid.
what have you brought on us.
give me the stone.
nere holds her hand out.
i will go.
just let me have it.
please.
i snag the gem and stuff it into my pouch.
what do you mean nereid.
there no time.
captain lament grabs my collar and pulls me with him into the foyer.
give her the stone.
take the gloomy lotus and get the hell out of here.
i would smile if i were not certain a monster was scaling the cliff just outside.
it is mine.
it is yours.
go.
go or the beast will destroy the entire town trying to find it.
to find her.
captain lament releases me and stumps out the front door.
i follow him onto the porch just as a tentacle flops over the cliff ahead of us.
i recognize it right when the beast is stench wafts over us.
the kraken.
i have never heard of it haunting waters this shallow, much less taking to land.
captain lament rushes forward with his sword drawn as more dark green tentacles appear over the edge and snake toward us.
i start to follow him, always up for a fight, but his words about getting nere away from here to save the town echo in my mind.
i grab her hand and yank her down the gravel path.
nere tries to pull away from my grip.
the stone, please the kraken roars as the captain slices through a tentacle and swings his sword at another.
the sky darkens and thunder rolls as i keep a quick stride toward the water.
cash, please.
i can explain.
shut up, and i hope you know how to fucking swim.
i pick up my pace and glance back.
captain lament is dwarfed as the kraken finally hauls its gelatinous body to the top of the bluff.
you scabby sack of shit knickers.
the captain stumps forward with his sword raised as i lose sight of him.
we run down the hill toward town until the slope on the left is smooth enough for us to veer from the path.
we skid to the water, weaving through the native plants and vines until we hit the beach.
the kraken still sits atop the bluff, its roars growing louder.
a handful of fishermen stand to watch.
you three.
that ship i point to the gloomy lotus i need deckhands.
if you stay here, you will perish in the kraken gullet.
come with me and enjoy wine, women, and coin.
i do not wait for their answers.
nere stumbles in the sand.
i pick her up and sling her over my shoulder.
the water laps in small waves as lightning strikes on the bluff, the deep rumble of thunder shaking my chest.
i walk into the low waves, pushing until my feet no longer touch bottom.
can you swim.
yes.
nere kicks, and i let her go.
she swims out ahead of me, her strokes easy as she maneuvers gracefully through the water.
the men from the beach splash behind me as we all strike out for the ship.
movement on the deck catches my eye.
id recognize those legs anywhere shade.
she dashing back and forth, tying off the sails and readying the ship.
we were both boatswains for captain lament once upon a time.
she posed as a boy for years until her body changed and she sprouted a perfect set of tits and ass.
come on.
nere swims ahead of me.
i have never seen a person who could swim faster than me, but nere cuts through the water with supernatural grace.
another roar overcomes the burst of thunder, and the kraken slips from the cliff, its tentacles grasping at stones as they give way.
the wave it will set off when it hits the water is sure to drown us.
i kick harder and catch up with nere.
a rope ladder hangs at the ready.
i push her up, and she grabs hold as the kraken plummets the rest of the way to the water.
it hits with a loud crash and a rumble.
faster.
i climb behind nere and hurry her up the ladder.
we reach the top and i shove her over and onto the deck.
the three fishermen ascend behind us.
i run to the foredeck and watch as the wave swells, headed right for the ship.
we have only moments.
i dash back to nere and drag her to the mast.
i lash both of us to it, running the rope around our waists and the wood.
shade does the same on the foremast.
the last fisherman makes it onto the ship right as the wave crests, higher than the decks and moving fast.
hang on.
i wrap my arms around nere.
she screams as the wave crashes down, and we are lost in a wall of water.
chapter eight we need to get underway.
now.
i untie the soaked rope from my waist.
the kraken flounders in the shallows, its tentacles whipping in a frenzy.
it is only a matter of time before it finds deeper water, and based on what captain lament said, it will be coming for us.
lightning flashes and rain pelts down from the heavens.
the storm winds should blow us from port as soon as we ready the ship.
you all right.
i wipe the loose hair from nere face.
i have more questions, but they can wait until we are sailing away from the port.
what can i do to help.
she so small that the question is ridiculous, but i humor her.
mind the helm.
helm.
she looks up and down the decks.
i point.
the wheel up there.
it steers the boat.
okay.
i will.
she walks on unsteady legs as i scale the shrouds to the mainsail.
shade is already loose and climbing to the mizzenmast.
she ties off the sail with an expert knot.
the black canvas catches the wind, and the ship strains to move, but the anchor is still engaged.
two of the fishermen survived, though one is already bent over the port side and hurling up his guts.
you two, weigh anchor.
the closest man nods.
i drop to the deck with a thunk and walk to him.
only inches from his face, i glare down as he shrinks away.
when i give you an order, you answer with aye, captain.
apologies.
i i mean, aye, captain.
he grips the front of his red top and squeezes the water from it onto the deck.
i box his ear and fist his shirt.
i lift until his feet dangle and his eyes are wide.
do not you ever do that again.
respect this ship, or so help me, i will throw you overboard.
he shakes in my grasp and tries to stutter another apology.
i drop him and give him a scowl that could kill a small child.
aye, captain, he finally manages to squeak out.
i doubt these fishermen will last two days at sea, but they may as well get a taste of the pirate life before they drift down to davy jones locker.
weigh anchor then, you crusty cock coddler.
and be quick about it.
he runs toward the bow.
i shake my head.
aft, you idiot.
he turns and drags his green companion with him.
the winds pick up even more as the kraken roars and slinks farther into the bay.
time to go.
shade hops down to the main deck as the rain sets in.
ready to make way.
the kraken finally drags its gelatinous mass into slightly deeper water, and one of its eyes seems fixed on the gloomy lotus.
i dash up the stairs to nere.
the ship shifts, and the glorious feeling of anchors aweigh sends a ripple of pleasure up my spine.
the fishermen keep hauling the anchor, but we are ready to sail now that the metal hook no longer chains us to the ocean floor.
i unlock the helm and set course for the open sea.
the rain falls in thick sheets, and the kraken disappears under the surface as we move at a fast clip.
i man the helm, nere at my side as shade climbs to the crow nest.
the storm rages overhead and the fishermen finish raising the anchor.
the hiss of the water parting for the ship makes my heart swell.
i am finally where i was born to be at the helm of the gloomy lotus.
it would be sweeter if the kraken, and god knows what other creatures, were not out to get me.
but a pirate life has taught me that you take the good when it comes and revel in it.
this is amazing.
despite the rain and the danger, nere closes her eyes and smiles as we cruise through the choppy waters with ease.
i am still angry with her, and i need to know what the fuck is going on.
but she seems to hear the song of the sea, the same one that is played in my heart since i was a wee lad.
so i let her enjoy it.
if only for a few moments.
the opening to the bay is ahead, and we fly past it, the sails in full bloom.
shade slides down from the crow nest and hurries to my elbow.
can not see a fucking thing in this rain.
she leans forward and stares at nere, whose eyes are still closed.
we need to talk.
nere, do not you agree.
she sneers.
nere opens her eyes and sighs.
i just wanted freedom.
that is all.
what.
i steer toward starboard, heading away from port royal or any other populated areas.
she a nereid.
a daughter of the sea.
like a mermaid.
i glance at nere legs, though i already know she does not have fins.
seems like i would have noticed that when i was pounding her pussy.
no, she a daughter of nereus, the most ancient of all sea gods.
i have seen her likeness in captain lament is books.
that explains her swimming ability, at least.
shade walks around me to stand next to nere.
why do you have the kraken stone.
nere edges closer to me.
i do not know what you mean.
a sharp slap meets my ears, and nere falls into my side.
shade.
i wrap my arm around nere shoulders.
she clutches her cheek as shade glares down at her, murder in her amber eyes.
she needs to talk, cash.
right now.
before the kraken catches up or who knows what else comes for us.
shade points a finger in nere face.
speak, sea witch.
i can not say i disagree with shade or her tactics.
after all, id prefer that the gloomy lotus and i stay in one piece.
but it will play better if i bring a hint of honey to play against shade vinegar.
i meet her eyes over nere head and give her a slight nod.
we have played this game before, many a time.
nere, just tell us.
i kiss her wet hair and slide my hand to her waist.
we want to keep you safe.
we need all the facts to do that.
she chews on her lip and stares up at me, her light blue eyes watering.
my father.
he married me to poseidon.
i did not want t to do what she glances up at me and her cheeks heat.
i did not want to do what we did.
not with him.
he has many lovers.
and he does not excite me.
not like you.
shade rolls her eyes.
i grin.
so, you are saying i stole you from the god of the sea.
yes.
nere nods.
i burst out laughing, my sides shaking as i lean on the helm for support.
i stole pussy from the god of the sea.
this is, by far, the best day of my pirate life.
shade crosses her arms over her chest.
this is no joke, cash.
the sea god will not find it funny that you plucked his cherry before he got a chance.
i plucked it, sucked it, and fucked it.
i howl with laughter.
shade remains unamused, and nere face is now a particularly bright shade of red.
okay, okay.
i try to calm my chuckles, but it is difficult.
so, that does not explain why you have the kraken stone.
i took it.
i thought that if i had it, then i could bargain with poseidon to let me be free from him.
then i crept aboard the ship you found me on.
but by then, poseidon knew what id done.
he sent a sea serpent to reclaim me and the stone.
i nod.
that explains what happened to the ship.
i knew it was not a pirate attack like youd claimed.
but it did not find me.
i supposed that is why the kraken came.
to finish the job.
shade eyes narrow.
you are responsible for many deaths, possibly even that of captain lament, all because you wanted to run away from home.
her voice rises as she glares at nere.
calm down.
i sigh.
let is think of how to solve this.
she has to go back and return the stone.
shade tilts her chin up, her wet brown hair sticking to her chest, highlighting the swell of her tits.
no.
i will not go back.
nere finally finds a spine and stands straighter.
shade steps toward her.
youd rather let the kraken kill us and sink this ship.
what a selfish little cock gobbler you are.
ladies, please.
i hold a hand up.
first, she has not gobbled my cockyet.
second, we just need to figure out how best to use the stone to bargain for her freedom.
there is no fucking bargaining.
she needs to go.
i vote we dump her and the stone overboard.
no.
but, cash, she going to get us all kill i reach across nere and wrap my hand around shade throat.
this is not a democracy, shade.
i am the captain of this ship.
i decide what we do.
i lower my voice so shade knows i am not fucking around.
and you will address me as captain.
got it.
shade grips my wrist, but i do not release her.
not until she understands who in charge.
i shake her, and she struggles to breathe.
i asked you if you understand.
do you.
she meets my gaze.
aye, captain, she croaks.
good.
i let her go.
she stumbles backward and takes a deep breath.
i grab nere chin and pull her face around to mine.
now, where can we find poseidon.
she glances to the pouch around my neck.
he will find us.
how.
when the stone touches the water, he can sense it.
so many things click in my mind that i fear i am having a stroke.
my amusement at stealing the sea god cherry turns to rage.
the fuck.
i want to shake her.
maybe i should have let shade smack her around some more.
you have known that this entire time.
she drops her gaze.
the stone touched the water when i rescued her.
then the kraken appeared.
it touched the water again when i dove in to swim.
and then again, after we made landfall at port royal.
and you know he will do anything to get the stone back.
the whirlpool, the six headed beast, the fucking kraken all because of you.
my voice rises, and i have to stay my hand, the desire to strike her almost overwhelming.
look who finally gets it.
shade sits on the rail and gives me a cross stare.
shut the fuck up, shade.
nere lip trembles, and i have to get away before i attack her.
shade still smirks, taunting me.
you know what.
both of you shut the fuck up.
i stalk down to the main deck and into the captain cabin.
it is far more luxurious than anything i have ever had real glass in the windows, a large bed, an actual closet, and two wide map tables.
i collapse onto the bed and stare at the timbers above me.
what a fucking mess.
i bounce my head on the mattress and try to think of a way out of this clusterfuck.
i need a plan, and soon.
the next time the stone touches water, there no telling what will rise from the deep to claim it.
and nere.
but the thought gives me an idea.
one neither woman will like.
i smirk as i think back to nere tight cunt.
at least i got to sample poseidon bride before he did.
my smirk turns into a laugh as a plan forms in my mind.
chapter nine are you ready for this, captain.
shade emphasis on my title is going to get her ass spanked sooner rather than later, but we have more pressing matters to attend to.
splash about some, nere.
really enjoy that water.
i peer down as nere swims effortlessly through the sparkling blue, my tether securely fastened around her waist and the satchel with the gem hanging around her neck.
please do not do this.
her hair has come loose from the topknot and glistens in the sun.
it is already done.
poseidon must feel the pull of the gem.
maybe he drawn to you, too.
i do not know.
either way, men, lift her up.
the deckhands pull nere from the water and set her on the sunny deck.
go and finish the rest of my instructions.
i wave the men away.
shade stands at the helm, her eyes scanning the water for any commotion.
nere shivers, and not because of the breeze.
he will send something horrible before he comes.
you will not survive.
do not worry about me.
nothing managed to kill me yet.
taking her in my arms, i press her close to my chest.
i am sure poseidon is not as bad as you are making him out to be.
is he handsome.
not as handsome as you.
she clutches my back as shade shoots me a sour frown.
of course he is not.
but is he nice.
i have never spoken to him.
she shrugs.
how often would you see him.
not much.
like i said, he has several wives, husbands, and lovers.
id just be one of many.
but my father wants to keep his title as the old man of the sea, so getting poseidon favor is important to him.
and, of course, poseidon is desperate for my father approval.
she buries her face in my neck.
i am afraid of him poseidon.
i have heard he likes to do things, to tie up his lovers and, and hurt them.
he not the only one.
yes, he sounds terrible.
but i will talk to him.
we will sort it out.
i can not tell if i am lying.
i am going to return the kraken stone to save the gloomy lotus and my own skin.
but nere is a separate problem.
sending her to a husband she fears does not sit well with me.
straight ahead.
shade cry spurs me into action.
i set nere aside and sprint toward the foredeck.
the water bubbles, and red tinges the ocean.
heave to.
i yell to shade.
she turns the helm hard against the wind, killing the sails and losing all forward momentum.
we are dead in the water, waiting for what is next.
tentacles appear, but smaller this time, and white.
crimson oozes toward the ship like red fingers.
nere comes to my side and covers her face with her hands.
oh, no, not him.
not him.
what is it.
poseidon has sent a great old one.
cthulhu.
he will tear this ship to pieces and you with it.
hard port.
i shout.
aye, captain.
shade turns the helm and the wind catches the sails again.
slowly, we cut through the water and turn broadside to the writhing mass of tentacles rising.
heaving to, captain.
she cuts the sails again.
i dash to the main deck and watch.
nere sits on the stairs, a look of profound sadness creasing the skin around her eyes.
you will die, cash.
you will die.
no.
i will make a deal.
and if that does not work, i will take what i want, poseidon be damned.
i grip the rail as the monster emerges.
its face is a mass of white tentacles.
two red eyes perch at the top center.
its body is covered in scales, something like that of a dragon or giant lizard, and it has webbed hands with clawed tips.
about half the size of the kraken, it could still easily destroy the gloomy lotus.
steady, men, i call.
the two sailors below deck shout, aye aye.
the water stills as the creature examines the ship.
then, with a fierce roar, it slices through the water at a hellish pace.
it is on a direct path to the heart of the ship.
cash.
nere teary cry barely makes it to my ears.
the monster picks up speed, its tentacles waving wildly and its claws at the ready.
closer, i whisper.
it obliges, speeding closer.
it opens its mouth wide, revealing more tentacles inside along with hundreds of fangs.
when there is no escaping it, i yell, fire.
the strength of the cannons rock the ship and i hang onto the rail and watch as the creature is pummeled by seven cannonballs.
it shrieks and slows, some of its tentacles blasted off.
green blood flows down its face.
now the next.
i wait a few beats, but the men fail to fire.
the next.
i slam my hand on the rail, and the creature begins to move forward again, perilously close to the ship.
no cannons fire.
something gone wrong.
fuck a mermaid in the sodding arse.
i dash to the ladder and climb below the deck.
the men are racking up the second cannons, already loaded with exploding ordnance.
captain lament spared no expense on this ship defense.
this one jammed.
the deckhand in the red shirt tries to push a cannon into the gun port, but without luck.
move.
i shove him aside and with one strong heave, get the cannon into place.
the other deckhand holds the lit tinder.
i pick up another stack of tinder and use his to light it.
the ship rocks and a tentacle darts inside the gun port.
the red shirted deckhand screams and tries to hold on to the timbers as the tentacles pull him through the too small opening.
before i can grab him, his body folds in two with a gut wrenching cracking sound, and he pulled from the ship.
oh, fuck.
oh, fuck.
the other deckhand, funk, is frozen to the spot.
i slap him hard across the face as the ship rocks violently.
fire, you barnacle balled bilge rat.
he snaps out of it and runs to the first cannon.
he lights the fuse and boom, the sound is deafening as the cannonball roars out of the gun port.
another boom the explosive ordnance doing its work and a chilling shriek erupt.
i peek through the gun port.
cthulhu is a mess of tentacles and green blood.
i light the fuse in front of me as funk runs past me to light the next.
we go down the row, booms followed by explosions and more shrieks.
the ship moans, and splinters rain down as the monster claws at the deck, desperately trying to take the gem that hangs around my neck.
after the last cannon is spent, i dash up the ladder to the main deck.
shade is still at the helm, and nere clings to the mast.
cthulhu is battered and bloody, the water around it now a sickly green instead of crimson.
it swipes at the ship, its claws raking the wood and tearing a chunk out of the foredeck.
this ship is brand fucking new to me.
rage takes hold, and i long to kill the creature who dares to try and take what is mine.
i scale the mast and perch myself on the edge of the crow nest.
when the beast rocks the ship toward it again, i leap and land in the mass of writhing tentacles on its face.
the stench of rot and pus almost kills me, but i wrap my legs around one of them and hack at the rest.
the monster jerks and falls back from the ship, its razor sharp claws reaching for me.
i swing my sword and lop off one of its webbed fingers.
it roars and leans forward, grasping in the water for its appendage.
i stand and plunge my blade downward into what i hope is its brain.
ripping my sword free, i bend my knees and push off, jumping back to my ship.
i miss the deck and grip the rail.
my wrists protest as i latch on, dangling off my ship.
cthulhu shrieks and writhes at my back.
my sword skitters along the timbers toward the starboard side.
my heart is pounding, and i want nothing more than to best this old one of the deep.
pulling up and over the rail, i right myself on the deck.
fire.
the boom sounds, and the ordnance explodes from the ship.
it catches cthulhu right in the bare patch where i cut away the tentacles.
the cannonball explodes, sending green blood raining over the ship.
it is our last exploding cannonball.
if this does not do the trick, we are doomed just as nere said.
cthulhu groans and falls back, its arms out wide and its tentacles finally still.
i raise my arms in victory.
fuck you, you bloated bollocks eating son of a whore diseased cunt.
a strong performance.
i spin to find a man behind me holding my sword.
he wears a robe of deep blue and has long dark hair.
he appears to be about thirty years old, but i am not fooled.
his green eyes speak of ages and ages of wisdom.
i lower my arms.
poseidon.
he smiles and flings his hair over his shoulder.
the one and only.
you have caused quite a lot of problems for me, captain remington.
the ship rocks, and i glance over my shoulder.
the kraken surfaces, its tentacles hovering just away from the ship.
i turn toward the aft and see the whirlpool expanding.
behind poseidon, the six headed creature rises, and at the fore of the ship, an enormous red sea serpent hisses.
i do not see it that way.
i affect a nonchalant tone as i wipe the green blood from my face.
no.
he runs my blade across his palm, but no blood wells.
immortality must be nice.
not at all.
nere.
i motion for her to come to me.
she reluctantly lets go of the mast and walks to my side.
keeping her eyes down, she nestles against me.
poseidon watches her, lust already blooming in the curve of his mouth and the desire in his eyes.
i brought your fugitive bride as well as the kraken stone.
i pull the pouch from beneath my shirt.
nere stiffens next to me, but i keep a strong hand on her waist.
you have also wounded my friend cthulhu, and the poor kraken had a terrible run in with a certain captain lament.
he tsks and stares at my chest before licking his lips.
the kraken makes a snuffing sound behind me, as if crying over its wounds.
to be fair, you set them upon my vessels both of them.
the first is at the bottom of the ocean, and the second, i gaze around at the splintered wood and the ruined deck, needs work.
he raises my sword.
what is to stop me from just taking nere and the kraken stone.
i can sink your vessel to the bottom of the sea and never blink an eye.
that is a good question.
it really is.
nere, care to enlighten your husband.
i dig my fingers into her hip.
if you harm cash or his ship, i will never stop trying to escape.
i will run.
i will tell everyone and anyone who will listen what a bastard you are.
her spine straightens as she talks.
i will tell my father lies about you.
i will do anything i can to ruin you.
poseidon glowers, and his grip tightens on my sword.
i hold my hand up.
or, nere will give you the kraken stone and accompany you back to wherever it is you live.
but there are conditions.
what conditions.
he still glares at nere, who returns her own stony stare.
something swells in my chest.
pride maybe.
as you know, nere is a virgin.
i keep a straight face.
she does not know the way of men like ourselves.
so, the first condition is that you never force her.
you may only have her when she offers.
poseidon turns his gaze to me and lets it rove down my body.
this may come as a surprise, but i can get cunt or cock whenever i feel like it.
i do not have to force anyone.
so, you will agree.
to that condition.
he waves his free hand.
yes.
but what are the rest.
the second condition is that i and my ship are granted safe passage on the seas for as long as i live.
no kraken, no fucking whirlpools nothing.
easily done.
is that all.
poseidon glances to the quarterdeck.
his entire demeanor changes from bored to interested.
and who is this morsel.
shade.
she says with a husky lilt, and walks down to the main deck, her hips swaying extra hard.
poseidon takes her hand and kisses the back of it with an overdone flourish.
she gives the same fake laugh she always used on captain lament.
what a rare beauty.
poseidon cups her chin with one hand and studies her.
positively perfect.
i clear my throat.
the third condition is, i will need some coin to repair the mess your friends have made of my ship.
a chest of gold should do the trick at least pieces, more, most likely done.
he still stares at shade, who drops her eyes in a demure act.
final condition if nere wants to see me, you will allow it.
he pauses his inspection.
you mean fuck you.
yes, that too.
hmm, i usually do not share my brides.
he takes shade hand and spins her slowly, perusing her toned backside and long legs.
but i will add this condition of my own.
i will share nere with you, as long as shade agrees to share herself with me when i visit.
shade chews her bottom lip and looks from me to poseidon.
oh, i do not know shade, do it.
my voice is a low command.
she purses her lips and pouts.
i do not know, captain.
shade, i am ordering you i have a condition, too.
she flicks her eyes to me, and i want to strangle her.
i will agree to your proposition, if cash agrees to make me first mate and split all his earnings with me fifty fifty.
no.
i shake my head.
i fear our deal is falling through, then.
pity.
poseidon motions to the sea serpent.
it eases beneath the water and appears on both the port and starboard sides, wrapping the ship in a strangle hold.
fuck.
wait.
i hold up a hand.
wait.
first mate and seventy thirty.
shade puts her fists on her hips.
i said fifty fifty.
the serpent fastens its glistening fangs to the foremast, and the wood begins to scream.
fuck.
sixty forty.
done.
she grins, and i want to choke her with something, preferably my cock.
poseidon snaps his fingers, and the serpent sinks beneath the surface.
we have an accord.
now, hand over the stone.
i reach into my shirt and yank the satchel free.
poseidon takes it, pulls the stone from inside, and gives it a thorough inspection.
you were very naughty, nere.
so very naughty indeed.
i hope when you ask me into your bed, you realize i will have to punish you for this, and you will love every second of it.
he walks to her and takes her by the waist.
she starts to protest, but he bends her back and kisses her.
i am about to rip him off her when she goes lax in his arms and moans like a cheap whore.
nere is clearly a fast learner.
shade and i watch as poseidon hefts her up, and she wraps her legs around his waist.
she tangles her fingers in his hair, and he kisses her neck.
her eyes are half lidded, and she bites her lip as he sucks on her throat.
see you soon, she mouths, and then they are gone over the side of the ship.
the sea creatures disappear along with them until only shade and i remain.
she just went with him.
gone.
i lean over the edge and stare down into the placid water.
i thought you thought one good fuck would keep her coming back for more, even in front of her husband.
shade cackles and turns on her heel.
i grab her arm and whip her around to me.
i am still the captain here, and you have been in need of discipline for quite some time.
she comes up here and plays this save me tune, and you eat it up.
of course she going back to her husband, captain remington.
she yanks her elbow from my grasp.
and i am first mate now, so fuck off.
the challenge in her eyes stiffens my cock in an instant.
i grab her by the hair.
her yelp only throws fuel on my fire as i drag her past the splintered timbers and into my cabin.
i throw her on the bed.
she tries to rise, but i shove her down and crawl on top of her.
she swings at me, a decent right cross.
i catch her fist and pin her hands next to her head.
her breasts jut up to me, the nipples like pebbles through her thin tunic.
get off me, captain.
no.
i lean in to kiss her, but she snaps her teeth at me.
i grin.
that is it, you little spitfire.
i rise up onto my knees.
she sits up and swings her legs off the bed, keeping one arm up to ward me off.
i would laugh if my entire body was not on fire.
the only thing that can quench the flame lies between her legs.
you are a fucking asshole, ca i follow her movements, sitting on the bed with my feet on the floor timbers.
then i grab her and yank her onto my thighs.
gripping around the back of her neck, i hold her down.
i warned you, shade.
she struggles as i run my hand up her skirt and graze her already wet cunt.
no panties, and you are so wet for me.
such a slut.
i yank the fabric up.
maybe i am wet for poseidon, she grits out, still struggling.
i slap her ass, hard.
she yelps.
i hit her again in the same spot.
cash.
i slam my rough hand down again, and i know it hurts.
good.
i slap three more times in quick succession.
she squeals and stops fighting.
i slap once more in the same spot for good measure and rub her ass.
better, shade.
much better.
i rear back and spank her other ass cheek, her tan flesh jiggling from the impact.
you like it, do not you.
i smack her again.
no.
she ineffectually beats her hands against my calf.
liar.
i relish each impact.
you fucking love it.
yes.
her voice is breathy, fucking sexy.
i slap her harder, jarring her entire body.
yes, what.
yes, captain, she shouts as i bring my hand down again.
her ass glows red, and i hope it bruises from the strength of my swings.
i run my fingers down her ass to her pussy and sink two fingers inside her.
she moans as i rub back and forth.
i move lower and rub her clit.
instead of holding her down, i run my hand to the front of her neck and squeeze, taking her breath as i stroke her cunt.
i push my fingers back inside, then out to her clit again.
i torture her with the back and forth.
when she starts to tense, i let up on her throat and neglect her clit to explore her tight cunt.
again and again i tease her, so she knows who owns her ass.
i strengthen my grip on her throat until she begins to go limp, losing consciousness.
i rub her clit faster and then let go of her neck.
she jerks and squeals, her climax exploding all over my fingers as i ram them inside her.
my cock kicks at the sounds of her pleasure.
still in the throes of her orgasm, i rip her up from my knees and shove her face first onto the bed.
i yank her ass up to me, pull my trousers down, and bury myself inside her in one smooth motion.
her pussy spasms and clenches down on my cock.
fuck.
i pull out to my tip and push all the way in until my balls slap against her pussy lips.
i grip her hips hard enough to bruise and pound her as she moans into the sheets.
she feels perfect on my cock, and the little noises she makes drive me mad with lust.
it is always this way with her, like an explosion that burns both of us.
once we have recovered, we always come back to each other and explode all over again.
i reach down and grip her hair, pulling her up to me.
i keep shoving into her pussy as her legs slide farther apart and she rides my cock.
i reach around and rip her shirt open to get a handful of her bouncing tits.
her nipples are hard.
i bite her neck and twist her hard nubs between my thumbs and forefingers.
she digs her nails into my thighs.
captain.
my balls fizz like a foaming sea, and i need to come.
but i want to see her face.
i shove her forward, grab under her arms, and lift her off me and down to the floor.
suck me.
i grip her hair close to her scalp and yank her mouth onto my cock.
look at me.
i grunt as she takes me to the back of her throat and gazes up at me with amber eyes.
her gag reflex is long since gone, thanks to me, so i fuck her mouth as if it were her pussy.
she takes every inch of me, her lips closing around my shaft as she surrenders to my rhythm.
i shove my hips forward, giving it to her rough as she moans around my dick.
the vibration makes me groan.
she snakes a hand between my legs and strokes my balls.
never taking her eyes off me, she increases her suction, her cheeks hollowing out.
fuck, woman.
i stare into her eyes as i come in her mouth.
i pull her head forward, lodging my cock in her as i shoot down her throat.
she swallows around my cock head, and i groan as i empty into her.
the release makes it down to the tips of my toes, and the tension leaves my body.
when my muscles finally relax, i release her.
she falls back on her ass and sputters, her lips puffy and her eyes changing from lustful to wrathful.
cash goddamn remington.
she scrambles to her feet and straightens her skirt.
do not you ever fucking try something like that again.
i smirk and reach for her hand.
it is captain cash remington.
i guess you need more reminding.
before she can so much as say another sassy word, i have her over my knee again, spanking her fine ass.
because i am cash remington, and i take what i want.
author note on cash remington cash remington is a man of action and adventure.
he kills the bad guys, gets the girl, and always has a story to tell.
he may come in different guises spy, pirate, private detective, prize fighter, prince, and many more.
but he always the same cash remington the alpha who never misses, takes what he wants, and leaves his women satisfied.
i have modeled these stories on the th century penny dreadfuls, but added plenty of erotic content.
therefore, i have dubbed them sexy dreadfuls, and i hope you enjoy them.
dark romance by celia aaron counsellor the acquisition series, book in the heart of louisiana, the most powerful people in the south live behind elegant gates, mossy trees, and pleasant masks.
once every ten years, the pretense falls away and a tournament is held to determine who will rule them.
the acquisition is a crucible for the southern nobility, a love letter written to a time when barbarism was enshrined as law.
now, sinclair vinemont is in the running to claim the prize.
there is only one way to win, and he has the key to do it stella rousseau, his acquisition.
to save her father, stella has agreed to become sinclair slave for one year.
though she is at the mercy of the cold, treacherous vinemont, stella will not go willingly into darkness.
as sinclair and stella battle against each other and the clock, only one thing is certain the acquisition always ends in blood.
magnate the acquisition series, book lucius vinemont has spirited me away to a world of sugar cane and sun.
there is nothing he cannot give me on his lavish cuban plantation.
each gift seduces me, each touch seals my fate.
there is no more talk of depraved competitions or his older brother  the one whod stolen me, claimed me, and made me feel things i never should have.
even as lucius works to make me forget sinclair, my thoughts stray back to him, to the dark blue eyes that haunt my sweetest dreams and bitterest nightmares.
just like every dream, this one must end.
christmas will soon be here, and with it, the second trial of the acquisition.
sovereign the acquisition series, book the acquisition has ruled my life, ruled my every waking moment since sinclair vinemont first showed up at my house offering an infernal bargain to save my father life.
now i know the stakes.
the charade is at an end, and sinclair has far more to lose than i ever did.
but this knowledge has not strengthened me.
instead, each revelation breaks me down until nothing is left but my fight and my rage.
as i struggle to survive, only one question remains.
how far will i go to save those i love and burn the acquisition to the ground.
romantic sports comedy by celia aaron sloane howell cleat chaser kyrie kent hates baseball.
she hates players even more.
when her best friend drags her to a ravens game, she spends the innings reading a book until she gets a glimpse of the closer a pitcher who draws her like a magnet.
fighting her attraction to easton holliday is easy.
all she has to do is keep her distance, avoid the ballpark, and keep her head down.
at least, all that would have worked, but easton does not intend to let kyrie walk so easily.
when another player vies for kyrie attention, easton will swing for the fences.
but will kyrie strike him out or let him steal home.
short sexy reads by celia aaron fck of the irish the hard and dirty holidays eamon is my crush, the one guy i can not stop thinking about.
his irish accent, toned body, and sparkling eyes captivated me the second i saw him.
but since he slept with my roommate, who claims she still loves him, he been off limits.
despite my prohibition on dating him, he has other ideas.
resisting him is the key to keeping my roommate happy, but giving in may bring me more pleasure than i ever imagined.
a stepbrother for christmas the hard and dirty holidays annalise dreads seeing her stepbrother at her family christmas get together.
niles had always been so nasty, tormenting her in high school after their parents had gotten married.
british and snobby, niles did everything he could to hurt annalise when they were younger.
now, annalise has not seen niles in three years he been away at school in england and annalise has started her pre med program in dallas.
when they reconnect, dark memories threaten, sparks fly, and they give true meaning to the hard and dirty holidays.
bad boy valentine the hard and dirty holidays jess has always been shy.
keeping her head down and staying out of sight has served her well, especially when a sexy photographer moves in across the hall from her.
michael has a budding career, a dark past, and enough ink and piercings to make jess mouth water.
she is well equipped to watch him through her peephole and stalk him on social media.
but what happens when the bad boy next door comes knocking.
bad boy valentine wedding the hard and dirty holidays jess and michael have been engaged for three years, waiting patiently for jess to finish law school before taking the next step in their relationship.
as the wedding date approaches, their dedication to each other only grows, but outside forces seek to tear them apart.
the bad boy will have to fight to keep his bride, and jess will have to trust him with her whole heart to make their happy ending a reality.
forced by the kingpin forced series, book i have been on the trail of the local mob kingpin for months.
i know his haunts, habits, and vices.
the only thing i did not know was how obsessed he was with me.
now, caught in his trap, i am about to find out how far he and his local cop on the take will go to keep me silent.
forced by the professor forced series, book i have been in professor stevens class for a semester.
he brilliant, severe, and hot as hell.
i have not been particularly attentive, prepared, or timely, but he has not said anything to me about it.
i figure he must not mind and intends to let me slide.
at least i thought that was the case, until he told me to stay after class today.
maybe he will let me off with a warning.
forced by the hitmen.
