 you gonna make it happen or what.
i did not want to sound like an over eager teenager, but the thought of her forced my hand.
i needed to meet her, talk to her, and, if all went well, do quite a few more things to her.
you know i will, bro.
he glanced to the reporters then back to me.
thanks for having my back, man.
always.
i stared at the eager faces, each of them looking for a sound bite.
better give these assholes something to write about so they go the fuck away.
give em the tip.
just the tip ya teasing sumbitch you.
his words were quickly drowned out as i stripped my shirt and walked to the reporters in nothing but my pants.
i learned quickly that if i distracted them, the questions were fewer and easier.
my upper body had worked numerous times in the past.
one at a time, guys.
i pointed to one of them.
easton, why throw the punch.
protecting my catcher.
next.
easton.
easton.
i nodded to the reporter intent on saying my name as fast as possible.
your contract is up this season.
do you think it was wise to engage in such risky on field behavior.
fuck me, i had not thought about that.
i was surprised my agent had not yet called to rip me a new asshole.
compose yourself.
it is the way i play.
i do not make financial decisions on the field.
i make baseball decisions.
if you try to hurt one of my teammates, i will correct your behavior.
that is what i did.
next.
easton.
how the hand.
are you hurt.
someone yelled from the back of the pack.
look, i told you all i am going to about the fight.
we won the ballgame.
w are all that matter.
so like i said, i am not answering anything else about the fight.
another reporter asked about the altercation and i started back toward braden.
i am done guys.
flashes of light bounced off the shiny lockers wrapped around the three walls in my peripheral vision.
they were snapping pictures of me walking away.
fuck it.
fighting happens.
i was not going to apologize for it.
braden thumbs flew across his cell phone screen.
without looking up, he said, got a text from nik.
we are meeting for dinner and drinks tomorrow night.
you in.
sure.
kyrie coming.
the tone in his voice was like a seventh grade boy teasing a buddy with a crush.
oh yeah.
i tried not to sound impressed, but a shock of adrenaline surged through my body.
it was inexplicable.
why was i so excited over this girl.
nik being weird though.
she did not tell her friend you were coming.
so i guess it is some kind of surprise or something.
fuck, i do not know.
women.
he shrugged.
i did not care.
id take it.
i wanted to see her up close.
that is fine.
what time.
eight.
should work.
great, i will pick up some gnarly sex toys on the way.
he tried to look serious.
jesus christ.
i started toward the shower, shaking my head at him.
what.
we can not even joke now.
i thought we were in the nest.
in the safe place.
are we not.
i flipped him the bird over my shoulder, but snickered a little.
if you can not joke about giant french ticklers and gas powered dildos in a fucking locker room then the terrorists win, e.
our freedoms are eroding.
i will pick up lube and condoms instead.
bring your hand.
it is the only action you are getting.
i spun around and looked down at him.
yeah, we will see about that, short stack.
he ignored my insult and made a jerk off motion with his hand.
maybe your hand will still be numb from that love tap earlier.
you can pretend it is a stranger pulling on you when you wick your fuckin weed later.
swollen knuckles ought to make it nice and tight.
i looked past him.
three female reporters stood behind him, mouths agape.
my body went stiff, my face serious.
braden waved his hand in front of my face.
i stared, not sure what to do or say.
sometimes we got carried away.
braden put his hands on his hips.
there are women behind me, are not there.
i slowly nodded.
they do not appear amused at our tomfoolery, do they.
i shook my head.
maybe, umm.
if i do not turn around and see them, it is just like it never happened.
he shrugged.
i shook my head slowly again.
he dropped his gaze to the floor.
well.
fuck.
kyrie tessa renard stood at the head of the conference table, surveying her team of editors and designers with narrowed eyes.
this issue of teen sparkle has to be the biggest yet.
more pop.
more allure.
more vivality.
she rapped her wizened knuckles on the glass table.
is vivality a word.
nikki whispered.
i pinched her leg and shook my head a tiny bit.
ms.
kent.
how is the story on justin coming along.
i snapped my gaze up to tessa, her angry red bob and bright purple glasses almost too much for my eyes to take in the morning sun.
wonderful, actually.
i got back from l.a.
last weekend where we did the shoot at his new home, including photos with his pet jaguar.
and the article.
she tilted her head to the side.
for some reason, whenever she did that, i pictured her as a praying mantis that was about to snap my head clean off.
almost finished.
full of new information on his music, his exes, and his current high exposure girlfriend.
yes, yes, ms.
kent.
tessa took off her glasses and waved them around in a dramatic fashion, the puffy sleeves of her dress wobbling along with her movements.
but does it sparkle.
nikki shook next to me, her silent laughter dangerously contagious.
yes, tessa.
it definitely has just the right sparkle.
i smiled and kicked the shit out of nikki.
perfect.
moving on.
let is discuss the cover.
new wave lumberjack with a splash of butcher aprons and spring floral.
tessa continued checking off the list for our next issue as i did my best not to laugh.
teen sparkle was supposed to be a stepping stone to my dream publication style and substance.
problem was, openings were few and far between at the latter, so id been biding my time for two years, hoping for an editor spot to open up.
if i could only get my foot in the door, i was certain i could work my way to the top.
the meeting continued as various editors gave reports on how the next issue was shaping up.
even nikki got a chance to say something.
yes, tessa.
the crossword is all taken care of.
nikki smiled next to me and adjusted the bright blue scarf around her neck.
well, i think that covers everything.
go, get to work.
tessa clapped her hands twice in dramatic fashion, and we all filed out of the bright conference room and into our dull cubicles or windowless offices.
nikki perched on the edge of my desk as i clicked through the few emails that had come through during the meeting.
any news from style and substance.
she whispered.
close the door.
technically, as one of the editors, i was nikki superior at work, but we never adhered to any sort of actual structure.
our friendship came first.
she eased the door closed and reclaimed her perch, her blonde hair falling into her face as she leaned over.
so, dish.
nothing set in stone, but i heard an executive editor is leaving.
shut the front door.
she squealed quietly and gripped my shoulder.
shh.
i could not help but smile at her antics.
there no guarantee i will get the spot, even if it opens up.
you are a shoe in.
she opened her eyes wider.
take me with you.
you are an idiot.
so, no.
she smacked my arm.
okay, fine.
i smiled.
maybe.
better.
she leaned back and grinned.
so, i have a spur of the moment idea.
i crossed my arms over my prim black cardigan.
oh, yeah.
let is hear it.
let is go for dinner tonight and celebrate your maybe, possibly, could be new job.
she nodded as she talked, as if that would somehow make me agree.
i think that might jinx it and there nothing set in ston wait.
before you say no, there a bonus.
she twirled a lock of hair around her index finger.
i knew the move.
shed been doing it since we were in college her oldest and most obvious tell.
what.
i leaned back, wary of the bonus.
you will get to meet braden.
he coming, too.
i arched a brow.
i thought you said this was spur of the moment.
she made a pfft noise and rolled her eyes.
now you are splitting hairs.
just say you will come, okay.
is there anything else.
you do not trust me.
she pouted.
last time you took me on a surprise evening, i wound up with a ten inch anaconda in my face courtesy of strictly dickly dance troupe.
remember that.
she giggled.
that was a great night.
for me, anyway.
and you loved it, you little slut.
do not lie.
anyway, that is in the past.
i am talking the future.
come out tonight.
i do not know please.
i really want you to meet him.
she dropped her gaze to the floor.
especially since my parents are not around anymore.
i need to get input on guys and everything.
are you really going to play that card.
i laughed.
your parents moved to florida.
they are not exactly dead.
she glanced up, a sneaky smile on her face.
i know, but my point still stands.
i threw up my hands.
fine.
fine.
i will do anything to get you out of my office at this point.
yay.
she hugged me.
the awkward angle squished my face into her breasts.
at least they were of a manageable size, unlike my own.
off.
get off.
i mumbled.
she released me and went to my door.
this is going to be great.
you will love it.
i promise.
sure, whatever.
go get me some coffee or something, assistant.
bitch.
she scowled, blew me a kiss, and pranced off to her desk.
no.
nikki shook her head and pointed toward my bedroom.
go.
go now.
i will not be seen in public with you dressed like that.
i looked down and surveyed my outfit jeans, t shirt, cardigan, and sneakers.
what is wrong with it.
i told you we are going to a nice dinner with my new boyfriend, did i not.
her tone rose and i winced as i looked up at her.
yes, but i did not expect to stay the whole time or anything.
she ignored me, continuing, i said i was dressing up and that you were supposed to dress up.
remember that.
remember when you dropped me off at my apartment and i said dress up.
you said you would.
you did not.
now i look hot and you look dowdy.
she frowned.
i studied her outfit slinky black dress, patent pumps with a red sole, and her blonde locks pulled half up and curled so they flowed down her back.
she has a point.
turn around.
see, this is why i came over early.
i knew you would pull some shit like this.
go on back to your room.
you have great style and a closet full of fabulous clothes.
the ragamuffin look does not suit you.
she gripped my shoulders and turned me around, shoving me through the hallway of my apartment.
i will find something for you to wear and for christ is sake, put on some more makeup.
you look sick or something.
i do not.
my protest fell on deaf ears as she hurried past me to my closet.
crap.
she pushed my hangers aside one by one.
crap, nice but no, maybe, no, too long, no, maybe, too professional, crap, too casual, ugly, maybe, no.
she paused her tirade as i sank onto the bed and started untying my shoes.
when the last time you shaved.
she asked, her voice muffled by my closet.
my legs.
i tossed my shoes and stood to strip off my jeans.
no, your pussy.
she turned and put her hands on her hips, glaring at me.
of course your legs, you idiot.
this morning.
id worn a skirt outfit to work earlier in the day and a shave had been long overdue.
though, it was not as if anyone would be enjoying the smoothness other than me.
perfect.
this is it then.
she traipsed from my closet with a deep crimson dress plunging neckline and short hem included.
i had not worn it in years.
no way.
i shook my head.
i probably do not even fit into that anymore.
she stared at my chest.
if i had your figure, id wear this dress every damn day and to bed every night.
get up, you are putting it on.
i laughed.
i was curvy with ass, tits, and a decent waist, but i was nowhere near the perfect, slim figure of nikki.
she would have been a model if it were not for her height.
at , she did not make the cut, though she was a knockout by any standard.
i was the taller, fuller, dark haired half of the duo.
i am serious.
she shook the dress and then tossed it at me before cupping her breasts.
i am still thinking about implants, you know.
i sighed.
yes, i know.
do what makes you happy, as i always say.
she smiled, her eyes brightening.
i will later tonight.
his name braden.
i am glad you will finally meet him.
whore.
i grinned and slid off my top and my bra.
the dress was too strappy and slinky for undergarments.
that is my girl.
she waggled her eyebrows at me.
slipping the fabric over my head, i shimmied it down until it was in place.
it still fit barely.
the neckline was even lower than i remembered, cutting across my breasts and revealing the curves of my cleavage.
the hem was mid thigh, but i knew better than to bend over in this number.
that looks fucking hot.
nikki clapped and grabbed my hand before dragging me to the bathroom.
fifteen minutes of makeup later, and i looked like the perfect tart.
i wanted to wipe off half the eye makeup and the red lips, but nikki beamed with pride at her creation so i let it slide.
she added a few curls to my dark hair with an iron and then declared me perfect.
i even let her pick out my shoes black hooker heels, naturally.
she was ecstatic, as if she were playing with a doll.
i shook my head at her in my full length mirror as i realized i was getting soft at the ripe old age of twenty four.
she stood next to me and surveyed her handiwork.
her in black, me in red, and both of us picture perfect.
you are smoking.
not gonna lie.
i might even go gay for you tonight, and you know how much i am not into pussy.
it is just that good.
she smiled at my mirror image, her light brown eyes misting a bit.
i have not seen you this dressed up since she let her words fade and wrapped her arm around my waist.
it is okay.
we had a standing rule of never speaking of him.
she lay her head on my shoulder.
i did not think.
i leaned on her.
it is been two years.
it does not hurt as much, anymore.
was that true.
i did not think about him every day like i used to.
now he flitted around at the corners of my thoughts, only coming out in moments like these to steal what little happiness i should have felt.
why had i let him take so much from me.
maybe it is time for second chances.
she lifted her head, an entreaty in her words.
no.
maybe.
i did not want to have this discussion, not now.
i wanted to go out and try to have some fun, nothing more.
she smacked my ass, jolting me from my darkening thoughts.
let is go out on the town.
braden paying, so be a fucking lush if you want.
drinks on him.
easton the familiar slapping sound resonated like a shotgun blast through the empty outfield bleachers as the ball landed in my glove.
i tossed it to the bat boy hiding out behind the protective net in the outfield.
shagging flies during batting practice was the life of a pitcher.
i tried to concentrate, maintain my focus on the different elements of the game, but kyrie holding the net was all that ran through my mind.
crack.
i stared off at the empty bleachers and up to the concourse where kyrie had disappeared.
easton, look out.
fuck.
braden words took a moment to sink in.
a ball whistled past my ears, barely missing me.
instinctively, i dove out of the way after the ball had already thudded against the padding on the outfield wall.
jesus.
i shook my head, imagining how that ball would have tasted had it been a few inches to the left.
snap out of it motherfucker.
braden trotted over and picked up the ball from the warning track.
you almost got a little less pretty.
what the fuck you doing out here.
the metal straps on braden gear clanked as he tossed the ball toward the infield in one smooth motion.
pussy on the brain.
no.
i answered too quickly.
braden grinned and shook his head.
that girl is in your head something awful.
i needed to change the subject.
there a reason you are here.
you are out of your element.
nice, the dude.
coach wanted me to talk to you.
about.
i held my glove to my brow to block the sun.
front office is looking at bringing in a new arm.
okay.
id be a free agent at the end of this year.
this was not good news, but i had to play it off.
do not think the pitching is deep enough.
sean richards is at the top of their list.
i did not know much about him other than he used to be with the club and they traded him.
it was common practice these days to skip around teams.
we were nothing but dollar signs, sold and traded like livestock.
should be fine.
he got good stuff.
that is the same thing i told them.
no biggie.
coach is just trying to give everyone a heads up.
same shit as always.
make him feel welcome, yadda yadda.
well, he ai not a rookie so i will be less of a dick.
hah.
yeah, i am sure we will still prank the fuck out of him.
well, of course.
i would hate to deny him of our long honored tradition.
would seem inhumane.
braden.
the voice came from beyond the outfield wall.
braden flipped his head in that direction.
yeah.
stop fondling your goddamn lover and get to work.
jesus christ.
there was a crack of the bat and i watched the ball soar over the left field wall and rattle in the empty bleachers.
but coach, he says he almost there, braden called back.
boy, quit fuckin around before i run your goddamn dick in the dirt.
i do not know, coach.
he bigger than you.
the players chuckled, including coach.
this was their thing.
it always kept practice entertaining at the expense of my humility.
i do not care how tall that big motherfucker is.
i am the boss around here.
the stadium acted like a microphone, amplifying their voices for everyone to hear.
i better get back before he has a stroke.
braden made a jerk off motion with his hand that had me chortling before he started jogging back to the bullpen.
i was not talking about his weight, coach.
i got a handful of cock over here.
he turned back and grinned at me.
the whole field erupted, practice coming to a momentary halt as laughter rang out around the stadium.
hey, we still on for drinks tonight.
my stomach tensed, even though i knew the answer.
this fucker was right about her being in my head.
i had not felt this way about a first date in well, ever.
yeah bro, be there at eight.
you ladies make plans for your porn shoot on someone else time.
coach continued admonishing us as practice started up again.
i needed to get home before kyrie face got me killed in the outfield.
i pushed open the door to my high rise that overlooked downtown when a flash of yellow sent me tumbling to the floor.
motherfucker.
i grabbed at my dick and tried not to puke on the cherry hardwood floors.
the pain radiated from stomach to sack and back again.
i told your ass.
you know the rules.
fighting on tv, putting my soy milk in your beefy ass protein shakes, or leaving a dirty dish in the sink is punishable by whiffle ball bat to the cock, son.
i looked up to meet my younger sister gaze while she wielded the yellow whiffle ball bat in a hitter stance.
she was my roommate and best friend in the world.
he fucking started it, man.
what the fuck.
she cocked her head to the side.
i hit you because of that dish in the sink.
did you fight too.
she reared back to hit me again.
i held a hand up.
at least give me a clean death.
a soldier death.
she paused mid swing and started laughing.
fine, pussy.
turn around.
i scooted around on my knees, looking fucking ridiculous doing so.
i looked back at her with my fingers interlocked behind my head.
she kept doing these little warm up swings and stopping the bat right next to my shoulders.
you gonna hit me anytime soon.
she nodded and took the bat all the way back behind her ear before belting out a roar and swinging hard and fast.
i braced myself a little for the sting.
she was a mean bitch and could swing hard.
kasey stopped the fucking bat right behind me again.
i faced forward and heat seeped into my cheeks at her ridiculous antics.
will you hurry the fuck up.
shit.
my knees are starting to hurt.
i turned my head back to curse her some more when i saw another flash of yellow and this time felt the bat slap into the side of my face.
ahh suck ass dick.
what is wrong with you.
i have a date tonight, you prick.
that is gonna leave a mark.
i pressed my palm to my cheek and glared at her.
she flipped the bat like she hit a game winning homerun and it rattled around on the floor, then she grabbed her crotch at me.
think about that next time you leave your dishes in the sink, bitch.
my face and balls were still on fire as i worked up to my feet.
good to see you too, sister.
you really have a date.
kasey flopped on the couch and kicked her feet up on the coffee table.
her head canted to the side as she stared at me.
yeah.
did i ruin your shot at a blowy.
she nodded at my crotch.
i sank down into the couch, the pain finally subsiding a little.
i shrugged.
maybe, fuck man, i do not know.
it is hard to think after a shot to the dick.
she flipped the tv on and turned it to sportscenter.
the fight was all over the screen.
oh, what the fuck, braden.
what a pussy getting sucker punched like that.
she made a jerk off motion with her hand and tossed a load of phantom splooge at the screen.
apparently, it was becoming the gesture of choice amongst friends and family.
well, i did have him in a half nelson at that point.
i could not help but laugh.
does not matter.
i am beating his ass when i see him.
no wonder you had to get involved.
pussy shit.
see.
hitting me in the face was not justified.
the fuck it was not.
she backed up the video and showed me shaking off braden signals.
braden might be softer than a whore wet pussy, but he made the right pitch call before that sumbitch teed off on your curveball.
usually i would have scoffed at some amateur trying to tell me about pitch selections, but kasey knew her shit.
she was a division one all american in softball hence our mutual admiration for braids and a nice set of tits.
still, i could not just roll over at her analysis.
bullshit.
she paused right before the homerun and leaned forward, pointing her finger for emphasis.
look at the hitter feet.
i squinted a bit and looked.
fuck.
i sighed.
yeah, that is right.
admit it.
say me and braden are right, you cocky little bitch.
it is written all over your stupid face, anyway.
the batter front foot was angled forward.
he was waiting for the exact pitch i threw.
i shook my head.
come on now, say it.
say i am right.
quit nibblin ya big gobbler.
my eyebrows raised.
huh.
you know, when a chick is supposed to be sucking dick, but she keeps licking the head.
nibbling around, and not giving you what you want.
tell me what i want to hear, cock maggot.
i rubbed a hand over my jaw.
you really are a man in a chick body.
fine.
you were right.
truth.
now tell me about your date.
how are the titties.
no wait, let me guess.
last girl you dated had medium to small tits, so you should be due for a fat pair of fun bags.
am i right.
tell me.
she leaned forward, her eyes wide.
i shrugged.
i honestly do not know much other than she brunette, kind of tall, and reads her fucking kindle during baseball games.
kasey gasped.
my word, i do declare.
kindle during the game.
we should burn her at the stake.
we will pray over her while she on fire of course.
kasey had a knack for taking a conversation in the worst possible direction.
i glared at her as i stood.
i do not know why i tell you anything.
because you love me.
she rose, walked over, and gave me a hug.
good luck on your date, big brother.
you know i love you.
i know.
love you too, sis.
she leaned in closer to my ear.
i need you out of the house soon.
i have an appointment with a bitch about a scissor banging sesh for an appetizer, and a late main course on the town.
what an appetizing image.
oh, she will be dining for certain.
she held out her hand, waiting for a fist bump.
right.
c amon.
give it up.
i stood there, shaking my head.
i need to shower and get ready.
i walked toward the bathroom.
you can not leave me hanging, you prick.
that shit was gold and you know it.
i shot her the bird as i rounded the corner into the hallway.
it is fine.
i ai not mad.
i will give you all the details later.
licking the clitty and ass, your favorite.
i thought about vomming for a moment as i walked into the bathroom and shut the door.
my sister conquests were legend, but i sure as hell did not want to hear about them.
i shook off any unwanted mental images.
i turned the knob on the shower before walking back to the mirror.
kyrie long legs and dark hair flashed through my mind.
would she be interested in me.
you got this shit, easton.
sometimes my pep talks to my own image helped.
not today.
i unbuckled my belt, unbuttoned my pants, and yanked them down before pulling my shirt over my head.
for some reason, i kept thinking about her reading her kindle in the middle of the game and i noticed my fingers gripping the counter, hard.
hard enough to see the whites of my knuckles.
then i saw her weaving through the crowd, up the stairs, and onto the concourse.
there was something about the way she looked at me when we first made eye contact.
the expression on her face.
fear, excitement, anticipation all rolled up into one look.
my dick jutted against the counter through my boxer briefs, and all the feelings i imagined in her gaze were radiating straight down to my cock.
when i raised my head, the mirror was fogging up, and the water was loud on the glass walls of the shower.
i glanced back down to my growing situation.
maybe releasing a little tension would ease matters.
it is never hurt anything before.
it did not take much to convince myself as i walked over to the shower.
i pulled my briefs down, springing my now rock hard dick from captivity as it wobbled free for a moment.
then i stepped into the shower.
the warm inviting water pelted my neck and shoulders before cascading down my body in smooth streams.
i planted my left hand on the wall under the shower head and took my cock in my right.
closing my eyes, there she was once again.
i could not be long.
kasey had been making fun of how long my showers took since i was a teenager, and there would be a multitude of teasing to come if i did not make quick work.
still, i wanted to draw it out, fuck kyrie in my mind for hours.
i needed a scenario.
i always needed some semblance of a plot in the land of jerk off or it just would not do it for me.
i pictured myself hopping the railing and chasing her up to the concourse, barreling through anyone who got in the way of what i wanted.
i fisted my cock and started sliding my hand back and forth.
the warm water would help with my time restraints.
there was no time for dialogue in this fantasy, so i got to the concourse, but could not see her.
then i caught a glimpse of her brunette hair and hauled ass in her direction.
she turned around right as i came up behind her.
she gasped.
i palmed both of her cheeks and kissed her long and hard, thrusting up against her side.
when our lips parted she started to say something and i picked her up by the waist as she wrapped her long, curvy legs around me.
i eyed a maintenance closet and quickly carried her in that direction, head on a swivel to make sure nobody saw us.
in reality, id have a swarm of fans on me and be wearing a cup, but there was not time to deal with these types of issues when i was trying to make my dick explode.
we burst through the door, and i pinned her up against the wall.
she squealed.
i yanked the kindle from her hand and hurled it against the wall, shattering the screen.
good one, easton.
her eyes grew wide as i watched her, showing her the naughty shit i was about to do to her with merely my gaze.
my hand sped up on my cock under the water.
something about the anticipation before the fuck was almost as good as shoving my dick in something warm and wet.
i stood her up for a moment to yank her jeans half down her ass, before doing the same with my baseball pants.
flipping her around, my chest to her back, i pulled her hips toward me.
i bit down on her shoulder and thrust my cock up inside of her tight pussy.
everything in my fantasy grew brighter and more vivid as i felt her wrapped around me.
at the same time in the shower, i thrust my cock into my hand and groaned.
fuck.
i sped up the pace in my mind, fucking her against the wall to the sounds of her gasps as my hand kept time on my cock in reality.
i did my best to imagine the warm friction of my soaked hand as kyrie pussy clamped around my dick.
my muscles tensed and my balls tightened.
at this point, i snapped out of the daydream and imagined her in the shower with me, tits bouncing around and ass slapping against my thighs as i tried to hold my come back as long as possible.
when i imagined her calling out my name as she came on my dick, i angled my hand down and shot into the tile floor of my shower.
i exhaled a gigantic breath, then panted.
holy shit.
once my mind grew a little less fuzzy, i reached up and grabbed the shower head, maneuvering it around to wash some stray floaters down the drain.
after thoroughly washing my cock, and the rest of me, i stepped from the shower.
the cool air was frigid on my hot skin.
i toweled off my body and walked back to the mirror, shifting the towel to my head and drying my hair.
reaching over with my palm, i cleared enough of the fog from it to see my face.
do not fuck this up.
braden and i sat in a corner table of the restaurant.
is nik always late.
i glanced around at the mahogany woodwork that gave the place so much character.
someone a few tables over was eating a steak and my stomach growled at the smell.
always, bro.
i kept running my hands down my pants.
my palms were damp and my clothes seemed too tight, though i knew they were not.
what the hell takes them so long.
they think they have to spend five hundred dollars and four hours getting ready for us.
it really is a wasted effort.
hundred dollars worth of makeup, five hundred dollars worth of makeup.
he shrugged.
my cock does not recognize the difference.
he wants to park in the v regardless.
i smirked.
sure, sure.
i like your logic, sir.
i pulled a highball glass up to my mouth.
the maker and coke was a perfect combination of bitter and sweet.
i usually drank whiskey straight, but i wanted some caffeine.
braden began to speak when suddenly all sounds, smells, tastes everything faded away but my vision as kyrie walked through the doors with nik.
my cock kicked in my pants and went from hanging to hard at a world record pace.
down, i mumbled toward my lap.
what is up.
braden had not seen them yet.
they are here.
look.
i gestured toward them.
and i just went from six to midnight under this table.
he started to chuckle.
you gotta run interference.
this cannot be concealed.
i am on it.
he jumped up and ran over to nik.
taking her in his arms, they reenacted a porn video with clothes on.
i watched kyrie out of the corner of my eye.
holy shit.
she was curvy in every way i could dream big perfect tits, long legs, shapely thighs but her eyes and hair drew me more than anything.
she had on more makeup than i thought she would, but i was ninety nine percent sure that had nikki written all over it.
i turned to look at her head on.
kyrie green eyes locked onto mine.
damn, i want this girl.
kyrie id foolishly allowed nikki to drive us to the restaurant.
by the time we got there, i was a mix of car sick and terrified.
oh, it was not that bad, she said as i stepped on the curb and put my hands on my hips, breathing deeply to get myself under control.
you are insane.
i almost stomped a hole through the floorboard trying to hit the imaginary brake.
a cool wind blew past, making me particularly aware that i was not wearing a bra or panties.
warm days, cool nights.
i should have worn a jacket.
delicious smells wafted from the fancy restaurant behind me roasted meat and fresh bread.
despite my momentary bout of nikki induced nausea, the food lured me up the front steps and through the heavy wooden doors.
welcome.
a peppy matre d greeted us as a few of the men at the bar to our left turned and gawked.
nikki sidled up, swaying her hips for the audience.
we are here with braden pearson.
ah, yes.
he smiled, fake but nice all the same.
i will show you to your table.
right this way.
i followed nikki as we passed through a hall in the rear of the dining area.
it was dimmer back here, the lights fading for the few tables situated along the back wall.
i scanned the room for braden, but there were no tables with a single man.
he must not be here yet, i said.
nikki.
a deep voice from the far corner braden.
and he was not alone.
i stopped, almost tripping over my own feet.
easton, the pitcher, sat at the table.
his eyes were on me, roving my body from my toes to the top of my head.
he shifted in his seat and met my gaze.
an easy smile spread across his angular face and heat rushed up my neck and into my cheeks.
the words oh, fuck played on repeat in my mind as braden stood to greet us.
easton remained seated.
nikki looked over her shoulder at me.
come on.
maybe it is time for second chances.
her earlier words played through my mind.
then i recalled how shed twirled her hair.
the classic sign of nikki subterfuge.
id been duped.
before i could flay her for tricking me into a double date, braden wrapped his arms around her and pulled her into a public display of affection that would have made a prostitute blush.
i remained where i stood, trying to decide whether i should suffer through dinner or make my apologies and leave.
i took a step back, preparing to turn on my heel and walk out.
kyrie, is it.
easton voice, a rich baritone with a southern accent, lilted into my ears.
he stood, holding his napkin in front of him at an odd angle.
he wore a dark blazer, a light blue button down, open at the collar, and a pair of jeans the perfect mix of dressy and casual.
i glanced up to his eyes as braden and nikki finally ended their makeout session.
yes.
she said.
sorry about that.
i get excited sometimes.
easton, this is my friend kyrie.
i think we have met.
he stepped forward and held out his hand.
light music began playing in the front of the restaurant, a string quartet by the sound of it.
i pondered his bruised knuckles for a moment before my manners took over, and i extended my hand.
his wide palm swallowed mine as we shook.
i do not think so.
his deep blue eyes sparkled in the low light.
were not you at the game last night.
i wanted to look away, but i could not.
something about him the same magnetism that had drawn me at the game was still working against me now.
i was, but we never spoke.
i saw you, though.
he held my hand for a moment longer than necessary before releasing me.
well, now that introductions are out of the way, what are we eating.
nikki took the seat next to braden and looked everywhere but at me.
bitch.
easton pulled out my chair and i sat, once again giving way to my manners.
he sat next to me and draped his napkin in his lap again.
so, easton, tell us about you.
nikki leaned forward as braden rubbed his hand up and down her back.
well.
he cleared his throat.
i am from atlanta.
i have been playing baseball since i could walk.
it is all i have ever done really.
i have a sister all of that is real interesting.
nikki took a gulp of the wine the waiter had just poured.
but are you single.
i tried to kick her under the table, but braden yelped instead and looked at me.
nikki ignored him, her focus on easton.
go on, tell me.
yes, i am single.
he shifted in his seat, the elegant chair creaking under his weight.
excellent.
i shook my head at nikki, but easton turned toward me so i stopped.
how about you.
he asked.
how about me what.
i dropped my eyes.
maybe if i could look at something else anything else i would not get lost in his gaze.
are you single.
yes, she is.
nikki giggled.
fight or flight kicked in again, and i pondered claiming i had to go to the restroom and, instead, hailing a cab and leaving.
before i could make my move, easton draped his arm across the back of my chair and i got a hint of his aftershave delicious and masculine.
my eyelids fluttered closed.
you do not mind, do you.
he asked.
i tried not to.
i really did, but in the end, i could not help myself.
i looked him in the eye.
my heart hammered as i drank him in, every last detail of his handsome face.
the way hed looked on the field, intense and determined, had melted away.
here, he was relaxed, a small smile turning the corners of his sinful mouth as he held me captive.
i let my eyes linger along his lips and wondered what he would taste like.
he ran his fingertips lightly across my shoulder and my body erupted in goosebumps as heat pooled low in my stomach.
had i ever seen a more gorgeous man.
the waiter stepped up, breaking the spell.
i leaned forward, away from easton too direct gaze and the warm touch of his skin.
i tried to get myself under control as the waiter took our orders.
the restaurant was well known for steak, so i had an easy choice of entre.
once our glasses were refilled, he hurried away.
the air between easton and me seemed to thicken by the moment.
there was no air between nikki and braden, both of them glued together, their chairs wedged against each other.
so, any team news.
nikki asked and dug into the baguette left by the waiter.
nothing, really.
we are supposed to be getting a new pitcher sometime soon.
that is about it.
braden ran his hand around nikki back and rested his fingers along her ribs, right below her breast.
the music grew louder, rising over the sound of diners conversations and the clink of silverware on china.
we were cocooned, tables empty on either side, giving our dinner a much more intimate feel than i was comfortable with.
i planned on having words with nikki as soon as we left.
as it was, i was not able to speak with her because her tongue was busy investigating braden tonsils.
i could feel easton looking at me.
i leaned forward to grab a piece of bread, though my main purpose was to let my dark hair fall into my face a little and give me somewhere to hide.
it worked, my locks slipping over my shoulder and along my cheek.
so, kyrie, what do you do.
easton was not going to let me get away so easily, it seemed.
i work at a magazine as an editor.
i glanced up at him.
oh, what magazine.
his easy smile was a lure.
teen sparkle.
his smile widened, a perfect dimple appearing in his cheek.
sounds like fun.
i blushed.
not exactly.
it was at first.
now i am looking to move up to something with a bit more cachet, you know.
i guess i have outgrown it.
he nodded.
i do.
i guess it is sort of like being in the minors and dreaming of the majors.
so what is the majors for you.
i took a sip of wine.
style and substance.
never heard of it, but i will sign up for a subscription.
i did not realize you were into fashion.
i laughed and took a bigger sip of wine, more of a gulp, really.
i do not know anything about fashion, honestly.
my sister helps me pick out clothes and has zero problems telling me if i look like a douche.
his smile was back, easygoing and charming.
your sister.
yeah, kasey.
shed love you.
she always had a thing for he glanced down to my chest and then, seemingly remembering himself, looked away.
what the fuck.
his tan cheeks colored the slightest bit.
and then i noticed something else.
you have something on your face, i whispered.
not that it mattered.
our dinner companions were not going to notice.
they needed to get a room at that point.
what.
where.
right here.
i reached up and ran my fingers along his cheek, his skin soft and smooth.
there like a line or something.
oh, shit.
kasey.
he shook his head.
she hit me.
your sister hit you.
i dropped my hand from his cheek, but he caught it in his palm.
his fingers were calloused, but warm.
it is sort of a long story.
we are roommates with a very special brand of he searched the ceiling for the word he wanted before bringing his gaze back down to mine.
retribution, i guess youd say.
i let him hold my hand, though i should not have.
he ran his thumb over my knuckles.
heat swarmed through my body, funneling down until it built up between my thighs.
i was leaning closer to him, our voices lowering as we spoke.
he put his other hand on my shoulder, his fingertips pressing me steadily toward him.
what did you do that required retribution.
i made words with my mouth, but i could not focus on anything but his eyes, his scent, the feel of his hands against my skin.
i left a dirty dish in the sink.
so she hit me with a whiffle ball bat.
he licked his lips.
though i think this one across the face was actually for laying out that runner yesterday.
the memory of his pure aggression had fueled my fantasies the previous night.
id come moaning his name.
my cheeks flushed and i took another drink, hoping the silky wine would do something to temper the heat inside me.
the fight made her mad.
yeah.
she knows it is bad for business.
she calls it my brand.
but do not get me wrong, she loves watching guys beat each other.
she knows it is just all part of the show.
his words ricocheted through my mind.
someone else had used that turn of phrase.
someone who was the reason i did not date players.
i leaned back, away from danger, away from the certain pain that getting involved with a man like easton would bring.
he tilted his head to the side.
wha.
so, what are we doing after dinner.
nikki had come up for air.
i took a deep breath and resolved to keep my eyes forward, even if that meant witnessing nikki and braden full on fucking across the table from me.
if i had to remind myself every thirty seconds that easton was a player, i would.
a club.
braden offered.
yeah, that would be fun.
nikki pleaded with me silently, her eyebrows pinched.
i shook my head.
going to a club was not an option for me.
before anyone could float any more bad ideas about post dinner activities, the waiter arrived and placed our entres before us with over the top flair.
we dug in, the sudden silence at the table a good indicator that the food was well received.
the steak melted in my mouth, the meat perfectly cooked and smothered in butter.
we drank and ate as nikki, thankfully, changed the subject and prattled on about her job and then got into a lively discussion with both easton and braden about the baseball season.
her full name was actually nokona, a brand of baseball glove.
baseball was in her blood, her father having been a minor league player and coach.
when the meal was finished, i blotted my mouth with the napkin.
the waiter arrived with the bill.
yeah, all on him, easton told the waiter and pointed at braden.
dick.
braden took the check and dug his wallet out, flipping the waiter his credit card.
so, a club.
nikki asked.
not a chance.
despite avoiding easton gaze through the rest of the dinner, i still felt him.
i knew there was still a very real danger easton could make me break my number one rule never trust a player.
i think i will just go home.
you three go out and have fun.
i am more of a homebody, anyway.
so, youd rather be home than at a club.
easton folded his napkin and placed it on the table as braden signed the check.
yes, thanks for understanding.
i stood, wobbling a bit, and was about to say my goodbyes when easton spoke again.
well, then let is go to your place.
he scooted his chair back and stood next to me.
nikki rose.
that is a great idea.
come on, braden.
drive me.
she made a lewd hand gesture toward her mouth and poked her tongue against the inside of her cheek.
no, i do not want to ruin your night.
you all should go out.
i waved my hand in the air, making a bigger arc than intended and almost smacking easton in the face.
whoa there, slugger.
he smiled and steadied me by putting a hand to my waist.
id had a few two, three, more.
glasses of wine with dinner, and i was buzzing like a freshman drinking wine coolers.
disgraceful.
his eyes twinkled as he looked down at me.
i am so full.
i do not think a club would be a good idea right now.
he knew exactly what he was doing.
nikki played with her hair and nodded.
i was being double teamed, and not in the fun, sexy way.
well, my apartment is not ready for visitors.
so, there.
well, hell.
easton shrugged.
in that case, let is just go to my place.
nikki skittered over to me, her ankles wobbling from the hooker heels.
problem solved.
she kissed me on the cheek and twirled her hair deviousness in every move.
perfect.
i drove, so we will swap up.
kyrie, you go with easton.
come on, baby.
i will let you drive my car.
i wondered if i could lure her to the bathroom and choke her out before anyone noticed the struggle.
easton pulled me into him and gave another devilish smile.
i was outnumbered.
fine.
i allowed him to help me out into the cool night, mainly because i feared falling flat on my ass if i did not.
nikki and easton gave their tickets to the valet.
then braden proceeded to get frisky with her as they waited.
her car drove up first, and she and braden got in.
i wondered if the seat would be sticky the next time i rode with her.
yick.
i shivered in the cool air.
come here.
easton pulled me to him, his chest to my back, and opened his jacket, giving me a sudden burst of body heat.
i should not have, but i leaned back against him, loving his warmth.
when i felt his erection pressing into the small of my back, a cyclone of desire whirled through me and i wanted to reach back and run my hand along his pants.
instead of stroking him like the sex starved drunk i was, i tried to move away.
he did not let me.
his arms tightened, pressing me to him even harder.
my lips parted and a soft, high pitched noise escaped.
fuck, he bit out.
i rested my head back on his shoulder, feeling the steady beat of his heart against my back.
how long had it been since id let someone hold me like this.
he nuzzled into my hair, his breath tickling my ear.
some people behind us were talking.
there was a line for the valet.
i did not care.
i just did not want him to stop touching me.
my thoughts were a muddle.
there a rule.
i have a rule.
some sort of rule.
when he kissed the shell of my ear, any well reasoned thoughts or rules i may have had vanished.
my stomach tightened and my pussy tingled.
i was wet and utterly without panties.
he moved a hand inside his jacket and cupped my breast.
i panted, unable to stop my heart from racing at his touch.
when he grazed his thumb over my hard nipple, my knees almost went, but he held me up with his other arm.
jesus.
he squeezed my tight bud and kneaded my breast.
a low moan fell from my lips and i edged my hand around my hip, about to reach behind me and touch him through his pants.
a large black truck roared up to the valet station and stopped.
the rumble of the engine cut through my haze of lust and reminded me i was being felt up by a strange man on a busy street while surrounded by people.
i stepped forward, pushing his arm away from me.
my hand went to my throat, the panicked beat of my heart ticking against my fingertips.
a chill wind blew by and i crossed my arms over my chest.
come on.
he strode past me and opened the passenger door, holding a hand out to help me up.
i stared at his hand.
i could still call a cab, still go home.
kyrie.
his tone was so gentle, though edged with the same need i felt in the deepest parts of me.
say no, say no, say no.
i please.
his features softened even more to the point he looked boyishly cute.
no woman could resist a look like that from a man like him.
though it was foolish, and i was certain i would regret it, i took his hand.
easton my heart thumped as i helped kyrie up into the truck.
she was tipsy from the wine and my hands slid across her hips and down her thighs as she climbed into the cab.
no panties.
fuck.
i glanced down at the tent formed in my jeans and scurried around to the driver side, adjusting my dick down the side of my leg before climbing in.
my hands on her waist had sent blood straight to my cock, as if i was not hard enough from the tit grab right before.
climbing up into the driver seat, i noticed she was looking out the window and, as such, unable to observe my hard on predicament.
i tried to take my mind off her an impossibility in order to keep my pants from strangling my dick.
any sudden movements and a cock injury would be imminent.
i hit the gas.
we sped off down the road, and kyrie would not even look at me.
street lights passed and disappeared into the inky night.
she kept staring out the window, refusing to engage.
what the fuck did i do.
this girl was so hard to get a read on.
one minute we were hot and heavy, a little tit action, the next it was like i did not exist.
you live nearby.
id have said anything to get her to look at me.
not really.
i was hoping for more than two words.
i glanced to her dress snug on her thighs and then up the rest of her body before returning my eyes to the road.
my cock twitched.
family nearby.
i gulped.
she sighed.
no.
jesus, tough crowd.
braden and nikki are pretty hot and heavy, yeah.
fucking gossip, easton.
jesus you are desperate.
yep.
everything okay.
you want me to drop you at your house.
maybe if i tried another approach it would work, though taking her to her place was the last thing i wanted to do.
every inch of my dick begged me to fuck her, but every cell in my brain pleaded with me to make the right move.
for the first time in my life, my brain was trumping my cock.
she rested her chin on her palm with her elbow on the door.
no, i do not want to be rude.
i told them wed go.
i am sorry.
just, you know.
she waggled her finger next to her temple.
headache from wine, and she stopped mid sentence with the worst fake yawn id ever seen in my life.
tired.
it is past my bedtime.
i liked this girl a lot, but i was not an idiot.
it was the most atrocious acting id seen in a long time, and frankly, i was not used to women trying to blow me off.
wrong move, kyrie.
i was competitive and did not intend to let the shit fly without making a statement.
mmhmm.
i let out an exasperated sigh of my own.
my semi fake acting must have paid off.
i caught her staring at me from the corner of my eye.
granted, it was not a stare any man would wish to receive from a woman he may or may not put his dick inside later.
in this case, may not looked like the clear frontrunner.
what was that for.
she ran her fingers through her hair, nerves evident in the movement.
what.
mmmmmhmmmmmm.
she drew out her syllables far longer than i did.
i was just agreeing that you must be exhausted.
three glasses of wine and half a steak will do that to you.
heh.
the word sputtered from her soft, full lips, but sounded almost like she was clearing her throat.
look, i am sorry if i offended you.
if you want to go home, i can take you.
it is not a big deal.
i can tell them whatever you want.
did not feel good.
had a headache.
i said i would go.
i am going to go.
you do not need to worry about me, seriously.
goddamn, i could not win with her.
what is her deal.
okay.
okay.
got it.
i am sorry.
i caught her looking over at me once again, and there was something going on behind those gorgeous eyes of hers.
i did not know what it was, but it seemed like maybe it was not about me.
i held on to that bit of comfort, well, because i did not have any other source of hope that this could possibly work out in my favor.
the screen on my phone flashed with a picture of braden grabbing his dick.
his doing, not mine.
id never been so relieved to see that picture.
his call came in over the speakers.
what up bitch.
his voice was loud and somehow he sounded more drunk than before.
nothing man, almost there.
you guys close.
we are walking down your hallway.
you drive like a fucking old retired man in a golf cart.
remind me to pick you up some depends there, grandpa moses.
kyrie did not even crack a smile.
whatever man.
you have a key.
should be golden.
kasey is out with her girlfriend.
all right man.
see you guys in a minute.
i pulled into the parking garage of my high rise and wound around the concrete structure to my parking spot.
i tried to get out in time to open the door for kyrie, but she was already shutting her door when i got around the truck.
sorry, i was gonna try and help you down.
i managed.
but thanks.
she looked up and held eye contact.
i am sorry.
why did i keep apologizing.
i am trying.
sorry if i am awkward, i i will shut up now, damn.
apologize some more easton, you bumbling fuck.
she let out a giggle that subsided into a smile.
a smile i wanted to hold onto for a long time because i was not sure if another would come.
it is not you, easton.
it is me.
just ignore me, seriously.
you will be better off.
wow, i got the whole it is not you, it is me speech before id even taken her on a real date.
fuck it, she smiled at me.
it was a win as far as i was concerned.
no worries.
i just do not want you to be upset with me.
you pussy, easton.
we walked over and hopped in the elevator, headed to my floor.
i tried not to crowd her but i could see her reflection in the stainless steel elevator doors, barely.
even with the limited view she was the most beautiful thing id ever seen.
curvy and sexy stick figure models never did it for me.
i noticed her nipples jutting against the fabric of her dress.
i wondered if it was cold in the elevator, but it was impossible to tell.
my collar was sticking to my neck and my palms were clammy.
ding.
thank god.
we stepped out into the hall and strode toward my condo.
when we got to the door i pushed it open.
hey dick weed, we are here.
silence.
what the hell.
where are they.
i looked back to kyrie.
make yourself at home.
i motioned to the couches in my living room.
you want a drink.
i am fine.
kyrie walked through the entryway, her head turning back and forth to examine my apartment.
she was probably just taking in her surroundings, but her recent attitude made it seem like she was judging every little piece of decor.
the place was pretty basic and i liked it that way.
neutral paint, black leather furniture set, cherry hardwoods, flat screen tv on one wall with some basic surround sound speakers.
she walked over and plopped down on the couch, folding her arms.
it pressed up her cleavage and i wanted to dive on top of her.
i pushed that urge deep down inside because it would most certainly end with her spraying my eyes with keychain mace.
i strode down the hall and turned the corner to the master bedroom.
the door was closed and i heard light moans.
braden, you motherfucker.
shit was about to get awkward.
kyrie obviously did not want to be alone with me, but nikki was otherwise occupied.
i turned back around the corner and our eyes locked.
pretty sure they are fucking in my bedroom.
kyrie rolled her eyes and sighed.
i am going to kill her.
it sounded like it might be a legitimate threat.
i mean, i did not know her that well.
judging by recent events, i did not envy nik at all.
i hoped braden was fucking her like a champ, because it might be her last lay.
i am sorry.
i can tell this is not how you wanted tonight to go.
i ran my hand through my hair and sighed.
she buried her face in her palms.
you look beautiful though.
i should have told you that earlier.
her face perked up and i caught her gaze but then she dropped her face in her hands once more.
ugh.
i am sorry, easton.
really, none of this is your fault.
i am kind of a mess right now.
i walked over to her.
is it okay to sit here.
i nodded to the cushion next to hers but held up my hands as a sign of diplomacy.
she had me thrown completely off my game.
her head shook in her hands and i was not sure if it was a yes or no.
i sat down anyway and she inched away from me.
is everything okay.
she exhaled, loud.
yeah, it is just she glanced up to me and then away again.
everything is wrong.
it is you can talk to me.
i am sitting right here.
you do not understand, easton.
well, can you look at me at least.
no, no, actually.
i can not.
i chuckled a little.
is there something on my face.
jesus.
i am not quasimodo.
she chortled.
no, you are hot i mean, you look perfectly fine.
and thank you for the compliment earlier.
no need for a thank you.
was just being honest.
i hate that your night is ruined.
nobody that looks the way you do in that dress should be sad.
i leaned over and pushed a few fallen strands of hair behind her ear.
my fingers grazed her soft cheek.
she turned to look at me and the side of her face landed in my palm.
she nuzzled into it.
i ran my thumb back and forth on her skin and our eyes locked on one another.
i could practically feel her hesitation in my fingertips, but her want as well.
do not let her look away.
she started to retreat, and i ran my hand along her face and back into her hair, snaking my fingers through it.
it was soft and long.
i wanted to bury my face in it and see what it smelled like.
she closed her eyes for a moment, before opening them again to meet mine.
easton, i can not fuck it.
i placed my other palm on her opposite cheek and leaned in, pressing my lips against hers.
i would not let her slip back into a mood.
she halted at first, and i pressed my lips harder into her.
i felt her hand graze up my back, all the way to my nape, and then she pulled me toward her.
our lips parted, and our tongues began to slowly intertwine.
she tasted like red wine and mint gum.
both of my hands were in her hair, and her nails scratched lightly against the back of my neck as she moaned into my mouth.
i moved to her neck, the sweet spot roughly halfway between her collar bone and ear, alternating between sucking and licking.
holy shit.
she gasped.
i tried to log her reaction to every tiny spot i kissed, every little thing i did.
i wanted to know which buttons to push so that she could not shut me out again.
hot and wanting was how i wanted her, always.
the verdict was definitely in that she loved my hands in her hair.
each time i gripped it harder she tensed and arched her back, her coos louder and more pronounced.
my hard on returned with a vengeance.
i loved pulling hair.
it was my thing.
i moved up to her ear and palmed her breast, rolling her nipple between my thumb and index finger, the same way i had in front of the restaurant.
i leaned back for a quick second and her eyes were closed as she bit her bottom lip.
i looked down to my hand on one breast.
the other was practically begging for attention.
before i could stop myself i dipped down and took her nipple in my mouth over the fabric of her dress.
it pearled on my tongue and i sucked, hard.
her back arched from the couch, smothering my face with her large, round breasts.
it was better than closing out game seven of the world series.
i bit down on her nipple and she half moaned and half begged.
do that again.
i flicked my tongue across it, then worked a lazy circle around before biting down again as i squeezed the other tight in my fingers.
god, she said on a breathy exhale.
heat coursed through my body and landed straight in my cock.
i had to reach down and adjust myself to prevent circulation issues.
i released her from my mouth and looked up at her face.
her head was straining against the cushion and, without warning, i grabbed the edge of her plunging neckline and yanked the dress down, exposing the tight nipple id just had my mouth on.
jesus.
her hands flew up to the cushion behind her head, nails digging into it as i leaned down and took her exposed breast into my mouth, giving it the same treatment as before.
naked tits were definitely better than dress covered tits.
i worked my tongue on her flesh and slid my hand up her inner thigh, expecting her to cut me off with a leg closing maneuver.
instead she spread them the slightest bit, inviting me closer.
id forgotten she was not wearing panties.
how.
i am not sure.
but when i got to the promised land, i was met with warm slick folds instead of the panty fabric id expected.
she was so wet my fingers slid straight into her.
holy fuck.
i went with it and took my fingers to the hilt, since she was apparently warmed up enough for them.
god, you are so tight and wet.
the words escaped my lips before i could filter them.
she moaned.
because you will not quit staring at me with that goddamn beautiful face, you prick.
she mine.
i grinned.
she finally let her guard down and my dick was doing all the thinking for me now.
i moved back up to her ear and worked her clit as her hips started grinding on my fingers in time with her moans.
i pushed two fingers back inside and gripped up to find her spot.
damn your fingers.
her hips sped up.
you want me to put this cock where my fingers are.
i gripped her wrist that was still up by her head, hard, and moved her hand down to my dick.
she squeezed.
you are such a fucker.
she nodded faster than anyone id ever seen.
i will be in a minute.
i pulled my fingers from her slick pussy and yanked her up by her wrists.
we needed a bed for everything i intended to do to her.
follow me.
my fingers intertwined with hers as i pulled her toward kasey room a mortal sin, but fuck it, i did not give a shit at this point.
where are we going.
my sister room.
she gone.
you sure.
we were nearing the door.
i looked her up and down.
she was hot, flushed, fucking gorgeous.
umm, yeah, i am definitely fucking sure.
and then i stopped.
all my condoms were in my room where braden was rough riding nikki.
thankfully, i always kept spares in the guest bathroom in case buddies ever brought girls over.
i have to run in the bathroom.
be on her bed naked when i get back.
my words were a low growl.
she dropped her gaze.
was i losing her.
i pulled her to me and claimed her in another hot kiss, mastering her with my hands and tongue.
she melted under my touch, her reticence falling away as she pulled me closer.
when i released her, she was breathless again, her eyes hooded.
on her bed.
now.
i sprinted across the hall to the bathroom door and started rifling through the drawer where i kept the condoms.
i was so jittery i fumbled one of the damn wrappers around on the counter and kept pushing it across the surface, trying to get a grip on it.
a shriek froze me in my tracks.
not a sex shriek, either.
like a horror film shriek.
i ran back toward the door to kasey room when i heard a female voice.
holy fucking tits.
come on in and join.
this shit is like christmas.
kasey voice.
i ran through the open door as kyrie turned to sprint from the room.
we collided, and i knocked her to the ground.
oh my god, are you okay.
i leaned down and lifted her to her feet.
she was covering her eyes and laughing hysterically.
not in a good way.
it was like she was in shock.
what the fuck.
i glanced up and there was kasey, wrapped up in a sheet.
a girl was tied to the bed, blindfolded, legs spread eagle.
hey big brother.
she must be your hot date you would not shut up about.
kasey motioned to kyrie.
i stared lasers into kasey skull.
it only made her smile wider.
i thought you were going to be out.
my words came through my teeth.
i decided to dine in for all three courses.
she smirked.
see what i did there.
kyrie laughed, one hand shielding her eyes.
see, she thinks it is funny.
just a misunderstanding is all.
as long as kyrie was not screaming or running, i figured things were okay for the most part, the lesbian bdsm scene right in front of us notwithstanding.
i surveyed the room for a second and decided to go with it.
i chuckled.
well kyrie, this is my sister kasey.
kasey, kyrie.
kyrie still shielded her eyes with one hand.
hi.
should we like shake hands or something.
it seems like we should, does not it.
kasey nodded and moved from the bed, still wrapped in her sheet.
the comforter followed her and slid to the floor.
oh, my.
kyrie must have caught an eyeful because she gasped and brought her hand lower over her face.
i glanced to the bed and saw a vista of spread legs with a big bald pussy sitting front and center.
hello.
kasey.
who there.
the pussy girl was shaking her head back and forth, as if searching for our voices in the dark.
i did my best not to look again.
kasey was in front of us and spun around abruptly toward the girl.
shut up.
kyrie edged toward me as kasey flipped back around.
no, do not worry.
kasey smiled at kyrie.
she asked for me to treat her like this.
like a bdsm thing or something.
ignore her.
i am kasey, this idiot is sister.
she held out her hand.
kyrie went to take it.
wait.
wait.
that is my bad.
kasey adjusted the sheet and freed up her other hand.
did not want to tuna palm your ass.
there we go, this one fresh and clean.
kasey and kyrie shook hands.
the girl in bed started to struggle against her restraints.
kyrie and i both made the mistake of looking and then covering our faces.
quit moving, you little whore, before i fuck your ass up and make you fix me a sammich.
kasey looked at me and grinned.
dude, what the hell.
i motioned to the girl in the bed without looking at the scenery.
stop being a bitch.
oh, she loves it.
do not you.
she called over her shoulder.
yes, master.
the girl stopped struggling.
kasey grinned.
see.
she watched fifty shades of something or other.
wanted to try out the domsub something.
i thought it sounded idiotic at first, but then she said i could talk mean to her, boss her around, and fuck her up if she misbehaved.
natch, i obliged.
i do not think that is exactly how bdsm works.
kyrie smiled, hand still over her eyes.
interesting.
maybe she was kinkier than i thought, reading sex books and whatnot.
i glared at kasey.
did you not fucking hear us come in the house.
braden is pounding nikki out in my bedroom right now.
oh, i had ear buds in.
did not hear anything.
my bad.
kasey belted out her cackle type laugh, the same one she used when she was up to something evil.
i stared at her.
you had ear buds in while you were going down on her.
i glanced to kyrie who was now fifty shades of red and pink in the face, giggling at our conversation.
well, most likely at kasey.
yeah, i do not need that bitch telling me what to do and where she wants it.
i am a fucking artist down there, easton.
people need to respect my creativity, and i need a rhythm when i am attending a clam bake.
kyrie began to choke on a laugh that was much larger than she could handle.
jesus christ.
as much as i hated saying the words, i knew they were for the best.
i turned to kyrie.
i should go ahead and take you home.
kyrie nodded, still unable to speak.
it was nice to meet you, kyrie.
come back, okay.
this shit ai not normal.
i mean do not get me wrong, we are fucked up, but not like, well, this.
kasey held her arm out to the still full on pussy display as if she were introducing someone on a stage.
this here is a pay per view event type sitch.
you lucked out.
it it was nice to meet you too.
well, sis.
so this was nice.
but we are gonna yep.
kasey winked at me as kyrie and i backed out of the door.
she shut it behind us and we both let out sighs of relief.
we could hear kasey on the other side of the door.
you subby mcsubberson, running your tits off when i got company.
i ought to lash your pussy indiana jones style.
oh.
my.
god.
kyrie drew a lock of hair between her teeth and bit down.
a cute little tell.
i know.
i scrubbed a hand over my face.
i think i may be scarred.
i mean, just i could not think of anything better to say.
she stopped the hot hair biting and smoothed her dress.
yeah, i should really get going.
fuck me.
she was starting to avoid my eyes again.
i am going to kill kasey.
let me grab my keys.
no she looked me up and down and turned away.
i really should take a cab.
not gonna happen.
i am getting my she grabbed my arm, and then squeezed and held on longer than i think she wanted to.
no.
i need to go alone.
why.
what the fuck.
heat rushed into my face.
her gaze turned to the floor.
because.
she exhaled a huge breath.
if you take me home, you will stay the night.
kyrie nikki snored next to me in my bed.
the sun had long since been up, and id been staring at the ceiling thinking about easton.
last night was a mess.
i turned over and peered out my window at the clear patch of blue sky.
the blue reminded me of easton eyes, though they were much darker and had a mischievous sparkle to them.
i batted the thought away and tried to force my thoughts into teen sparkle territory.
maybe if i concentrated on the drivel article i was writing about the latest teeny bopper sensation, i could forget easton.
easton.
his hands on me.
i rolled to my stomach and groaned into my pillow.
he felt so good.
his fingers sinking inside me as his lips plundered my mouth.
i squeezed my thighs together, trying to quell the need that swirled inside me.
i flipped to my back and stretched my hands out beside me, laying them on top of the blanket and keeping them there.
nikki snoring continued.
i slowed my breathing, trying to calm down and fall back to sleep.
but easton was there again, running his teeth along my nipple.
i balled my hands into fists.
i was not about to finger bang myself with nikki sleeping beside me.
but i glanced to my bathroom i could take a quick shower.
i slid out of the sheets and crept to the en suite door.
nikki rolled to her stomach and sprawled across my bed.
easing the door closed behind me, i stripped off my t shirt and panties and flipped on the hot water.
the room steamed up as the water rushed by, but all i could feel was the buzz in my clit and the tension low in my stomach.
i stepped in, the water so hot it almost burned, but it was nothing in comparison to the heat between my thighs.
reaching down, i flicked my hard nub and moaned into my arm.
i closed my eyes and imagined easton mouth on me, his tongue swirling around my pussy.
it was his fingers plunging inside me.
sliding my fingers out, i rubbed my swollen clit.
easton looked up at me, his eyes glinting as his tongue drove me wild.
i tensed, my hips grinding against my fingers.
easton tongue was all i felt, his lips fastening around me.
working his fingers in and out, getting me ready for his cock.
i wanted it, every inch.
i closed my eyes and he was inside me, shoving me against the wall and taking everything i had.
my orgasm rushed over me in a wave, fast and strong.
i bit my arm as i came on a cry, his name on my lips.
i leaned on the tile, letting the water pour as i tried to slow my breathing.
once my body finally relaxed, i glanced to the door.
no sign of nikki.
id gotten away with it.
i grabbed my loofah and body wash, hoping that this little solo tryst would solve the problem and quench my need for easton.
soaping up, my mind wandered back to his hands on me, how theyd slid against the curves of my body.
how large and hard hed been in his pants.
fuck.
even though id just gotten off to him, the need was back, not sated even the slightest bit.
the bathroom door swung open, and i dropped my loofah with a squeak.
hey.
it is only me.
calm your tits.
nikki rubbed her eyes and plopped down on the toilet.
snagging the loofah, i stood up and played it cool.
so, why did not you go back to braden last night.
oh, he and easton had a ridiculously early practice.
i did not want to hang around at his place after hed left.
okay, so why did you come to my place instead of going back home.
i hung the loofah and shampooed my hair.
she finished and flushed.
ow.
i hopped away from the stinging hot water.
you, bitch.
i dodged the spray and turned the faucet to counteract the lava pouring from the shower head.
she laughed far too hard and leaned against the vanity.
i came here because we need to talk about easton.
i swatted at the water, throwing some of it over the shower door and getting her wet.
keep doing that and i am coming in there with you.
she yawned and stretched as i stared at her, aghast.
you would not dare.
would not i.
id film it, too.
wed make kajillions.
she grinned and i barely restrained myself from tossing more water.
but i did not do it, mainly because i knew she was not bluffing.
boundaries were not nikki forte.
i turned my back on her and adjusted the nobs again as the water cooled.
i did not want to discuss easton.
that topic was closed as far as i was concerned.
id been shanghaied into the double date the night before, and even though id gotten hot and heavy with easton.
it was a mistake.
as i was saying before i was so rudely interrupted, i think you and easton would be good together.
no.
i rinsed my hair, the water flowing past my ears and blocking out her voice.
i was not ready.
even though it had been two years, i was not over it.
did you hear any of what i just said.
she crossed her arms over her chest and glared at me through the glass.
some of it.
no you did not.
i said that you and easton have an obvious chemistry and it would be a good idea for you to let him put his dick in you.
maybe play just the tip if you are feeling skittish.
nikki, i am not going to sleep with a player.
last night was a momentary lapse.
you know why.
so drop it.
i conditioned my hair and tried not to think of easton, but nikki was having none of it.
it is been two years, babe.
you have to get out there again.
her voice was quieter, concern lacing through the words.
i hate to see you passing up having a relationship because of that douche nozzle.
he gone.
good riddance.
it was hard, but you are better off without him.
everything she said was true.
but there was still a place inside me, a secret place, where i stored up all the hurt hed caused, all the humiliation, all the loneliness.
it was like a lockbox, but id gotten so used to carrying the weight around inside me, i did not know what id do if i threw it overboard.
would i sink right along with it.
i turned the water off and slid my towel from the rack.
stepping out of the shower, i shook my hair and laughed as nikki held her hands up and ran back to my bedroom.
she jumped on the bed and rolled to the far side.
i followed her and plopped down next to her, not caring i was getting my comforter all wet.
i hear what you are saying.
i know, okay.
i know it is been two years.
i just she turned over and faced me, propping her head on her hand.
you have to let it go.
it is time to move on.
and easton is not him.
just because he a baseball player does not mean he a fucking prick.
understand.
i do not know.
she ran the back of her hand down my cheek.
it was a particular quirk of hers.
intimate and comforting, id only ever seen her do it with me and her little sister.
i do know.
and it is time for you to suck it up, buttercup.
nothing wrong with being a cleat chaser like me.
nothing wrong, per se, but chasing after boys in tight pants has not exactly worked out well for me.
i pretended i was going to bite her finger.
she laughed.
well, in that case, easton is perfect for you since he the one doing the chasing.
she grinned, her eyes lighting up.
what did you two do last night while braden and i were otherwise occupied.
nothing.
i turned to look out the window, the sun already getting high.
liar.
tell me.
my cheeks flushed.
nothing.
she rolled to her stomach and rested her chin on her hands, staring at me eagerly.
tell me what happened or i swear by all that is holy i will tell you every explicit detail of how braden fucked me until i could not walk straight.
i covered my face with my hands.
you are the worst.
and then i spilled.
it was the only way to avoid hearing an inch by inch description of braden dick.
so no actual p in v then.
no, just f in v.
i wiggled my fingers.
i got t in v.
she stuck her tongue out at me.
you win.
i shook my head and caught a glimpse of my phone on the nightstand.
the notification light was blinking.
i picked it up and swiped across the screen.
there were four messages all from a strange number.
a.m.
hi kyrie.
it is easton.
i just wanted to say what a great time i had with you last night.
hope we can do it again soon.
a.m.
i do not mean do the awkward thing with walking in on my sister again soon.
i meant the dinner and the stuff after.
a.m.
i mean, we do not have to do the things we did after dinner again, if you do not want to.
i just want to spend time with you.
but if you wanted to do those things, id love to do them.
a.m.
i am sorry for all the messages except maybe the first one.
please call or text anytime.
i have practice til noon, but then i am available anytime.
talk to you soon.
you own that d.
nikki had been reading over my shoulder.
she squealed and fell back, kicking her feet in the air.
i do not own a d.
i put my phone down and stared at it as if it were poisonous.
how did he get my number.
nikki stopped kicking and sat up next to me, twirling a lock of hair around her finger.
it is a mystery.
ugh, nikki.
what.
why do you always think it is me.
she shrugged.
because it always is you.
i pinned her with a scowl.
she puffed her lips into a pout.
you are not going to text him back.
no.
i need to slow things down.
i wanted to text him, call him, jump in my car and go watch him practice in those tight pants.
but i was not about to rush into anything.
stopping and thinking would be the key to keeping my heart safe.
slow down.
no.
you need to text him.
she tried to grab for my phone.
i smacked her hand away.
give me a minute okay.
i said id think about seeing him.
i just need some time.
she leaned back and stared at me, her brown eyes searching my face.
you promise you will give him a chance.
i will think about it.
that is all i am going to say.
i stood and went to my dresser before donning a t shirt and yoga pants.
want to go eat big bowls of cereal and watch mind numbing tv.
you know me so well.
nikki rose and flounced past, giving me a playful slap on the ass as she went.
i stared at myself in the dresser mirror.
despite what id told nikki, i could not decide if i really wanted to give easton a chance.
i did not know if i could handle another heartbreak, especially when i already knew what it was like chasing after a man who ate, slept, and dreamed baseball.
would easton be any different.
nikki and i lazed away our weekend.
i received a few more texts from easton asking how i was and wanting to know if i was free, but i did not respond.
nikki gave me the stink eye when i checked my phone but did not type anything back.
she did not press, but i knew she was dying for me to message him.
he kept trying, still texting me on monday morning during the staff meeting.
i flipped my phone so it was face down on the table as tessa did her usual round robin of questions to each editor.
the justin piece.
tessa asked.
this morning she was dressed in an eggplant colored sheath dress with a mustard jacket and pea green tie.
it was as if the condiment section at a hotdog stand had vomited all over her.
i will have it by lunch.
one final pass and it will be good to go.
i smiled.
good.
nikki, how about that piece on all natural tampons i asked you for.
do not worry.
i am really plugging away at it.
shoving every bit of info into it.
our readers will really soak up the knowledge.
i snorted and covered it with a cough as i kicked her ankle.
so, today.
i will have it today.
tessa asked, oblivious as usual.
i will ram it home before close of business.
nikki grinned.
after a few more minutes, the meeting was over.
once id gained the relative safety of the hallway, i let out the laugh that id stifled as best i could.
nikki.
i tried to scold her, but it was too funny.
you loved it.
she hooked her arm in mine and walked me to my office.
my phone buzzed in my palm as we turned the corner and stopped dead.
a huge bouquet of flowers blue and white hydrangeas, and large yellow roses overpowered my desk.
what the.
i hurried over and snagged the card as nikki leaned against my doorframe, a satisfied smirk on her face.
kyrie, i would really like to see you again.
hope these brighten your day.
easton flowers, bitch.
he sent you flowers.
can you at least text him now.
nikki strutted over and took a whiff of a rose.
mmm.
text him.
i sank down at my desk and stared at the enormous arrangement.
my phone buzzed again.
i checked it.
two more messages from easton.
still thinking of you.
that sounded stalkery, but it is true.
i would really like to see you again.
and i may have asked braden to ask nikki to make sure i was not bugging you.
she said it was ok.
i put my phone down and glared at nikki.
i told you i needed to go slow.
i know that is what you said, but i think maybe you needed a little push.
she examined her bright red nails.
no, nikki, i need to go slow.
you can not just decide what is right for me and then get easton to play along.
look, if a man wants to send flowers, let him.
she put her hands on her gray peplum skirt, squishing down the ruffle along her hips.
i did not get any flowers.
i am the one who should be bitching.
you want my flowers.
i had the impulse to clutch the vase to keep her away, but that was foolish.
they were only flowers big, beautiful, thoughtful flowers.
that is not the point.
she threw her hands up.
the point is that easton is a good guy who deserves a chance.
that is all i am going to say.
now, i need to go pretend like i am working for a while until tessa leaves for her bloody mary and mimosa brunch, food optional.
turning on her heel, she strutted away.
i propped my chin on my hand and studied the arrangement.
id never actually received flowers before.
maybe easton was not the sort of player i was used to.
maybe nikki was right.
i sighed at the thought of admitting that skinny maniac was correct about anything, but she had me this time.
i picked up my phone to text him back, but my email dinged and distracted me.
when i saw who it was from, i almost knocked my mouse off the desk from trying to open the email too quickly.
dear ms.
kent, we have reviewed your body of work and have an interest in interviewing you for the executive editor position at style and substance.
please send us your latest pieces from the next teen sparkle issue.
if all is in order, we will set an interview at that time.
yours, graciela froggart i tamped down my excitement and re read the email several times.
i just had to get my fluff piece on the pop star finished, perfected, and printed, and id have my foot in the door at style and substance.
ms.
kent.
grady, from the mailroom, stood at my door.
i schooled my features, though a stupid grin kept threatening to overtake my face.
yes.
i forgot this came for you, too.
he walked in and i hastily minimized the email.
what is this.
he handed me a box wrapped in brown paper.
from a mr.
holliday.
i signed for it along with the flowers but forgot to drop it off.
see ya.
bye grady.
i spoke as i ran my fingers beneath the folds in the paper and pulled.
the torn paper revealed a brand new kindle, top of the line.
on top were two tickets, right behind home plate, for the thursday night ravens game.
i smiled, my cheeks heating as i ran my hand over the smooth kindle box.
easton was relentless.
and did i really want to keep fighting my attraction to him.
picking up my phone, i texted thanks for the flowers and the kindle.
i look forward to seeing how much heat you can bring on thursday.
i hit send before i chickened out.
i stared at my phone, willing it to buzz.
anxiety ramped up inside me.
had i made him wait too long.
after a few moments, i was rewarded.
you are welcome.
i will bring the heat.
you bring the kindle.
we will see who blinks first.
easton we were up two runs in the bottom of the ninth with one out.
rodriguez walked the last batter and coach called for me to warm up.
the tying run was at the plate.
id tried to focus the whole game, but all i could think about was kyrie.
braden said i was acting like a total pussy, but i thought the kindle was a perfect gift, and i was proud of myself for thinking of it.
it was an added bonus that i got to preload it with the encyclopedia of baseball.
she was at the game.
shed told nikki, whod told braden, whod told me that shed show plus the fact shed said she would be here via text.
i wonder what she wearing.
you gonna throw the fucking ball or what, easton.
i snapped out of my daydream.
yeah, bro.
my bad.
our bullpen catcher, harrison, was tapping his cleat on home plate and had his mask flipped up.
he flipped it down and squatted behind the plate as i started my warm up pitches.
i got in all of two throws when i heard a crack, and looked out to see the single go up the middle.
the runner on first rounded second and headed for third, but the strong throw from center field sent him scrambling back.
coach started out from the dugout and motioned for me.
fuck, i am not ready.
a worker opened the gate in the outfield wall and i trotted through.
it was unusually hot for a mid april game, and the humidity created a pressure cooker inside the stadium.
it hit me like a brick wall.
sweat formed on my forehead, and began to bead up on my arms.
the crowd roared around me from every direction.
my feet pounded the ground, the spikes leaving small tufts of grass in my wake as the cheers grew louder when i neared the infield.
usually, i would be focused on the hitter and his scouting report, the inning and out situation.
i did not even know who the hitter on deck was.
all i could do was look for kyrie in the stands.
and then.i saw her.
she wore a flowery spring dress, with a short sleeve lavender cardigan.
her eyes locked onto mine, and her lips formed the most gorgeous smile id ever seen.
nikki was with her, but i could not even give her a glance.
my eyes were focused on kyrie.
easton.
fuck son, what is the matter with you.
i glanced to my coach, though i hated losing the sight of her.
sorry, coach.
get your goddamn head in the game.
johnston hits a ton, and he on fire lately.
we need a groundball or a strikeout right here.
so either work him in with the sinker or away with a slider.
sounds good.
coach slapped the ball in my glove and sauntered back to the dugout.
i threw my warm up pitches, but not without ogling kyrie every chance i got.
i even smiled at her.
i never smiled on the mound.
you are so fucked.
braden caught my last pitch and then walked out to me.
he stood there with his catcher mask sitting atop his head, grinning his ass off.
she came, dude.
he gave me a light jab with his catcher mitt.
i know.
i am starting to think it was a mistake.
i can not focus for shit.
all i think about is her.
i looked over to her sitting down, her eyes locked on me, her lips still slightly curved like she wanted to smile, but was trying to hold back.
bro, strike these whores out and go fuck the prom queen.
it is the jock code.
i am trying, man.
i pulled my cap down to hide more of my face.
she is in my head.
look, pussy.
you know what is at stake.
you are a free agent at the end of the year.
sack the fuck up and work this guy low like coach said.
bust him in, work him away with a slider.
i got your back.
do not even look at her.
she is not there.
the sound of footsteps approaching from home plate alarmed us that it was time to go to work.
let is go guys, said the ump.
yes sir.
braden tapped my glove and retreated with the umpire toward home.
i circled to the back of the mound and grabbed the rosin bag, popping it up in my hand a few times.
i wedged my glove in my armpit and rubbed the ball with my hands, my sweat mixing with the powder to help my grip.
when i stepped up to the mound, the crowd cheered for me, but id never felt so awkward in my life.
it was not right.
i was out of place.
karma, yin and yang, chi something was out of balance between me and the cosmic forces of the baseball gods.
some called it the yips.
i called it being totally fucked.
focus, easton.
goddamn.
you just need a c performance to get through this, and then figure shit out after.
i dug my foot next to the rubber and went into the stretch.
checking the runner, i waited for my short stop to get back into position before coming set.
braden flashed a barrage of signals.
slider away.
i shuffled the ball in my glove and got the grip i wanted, middle finger next to the top of the horse shoe.
i glanced to the runner once more.
he had a big lead.
i delivered home with a slide step instead of a leg kick, in case the runner tried something stupid, like stealing third.
i released late and the ball started outside and broke way out and into the dirt.
braden leaped to the side and managed to knock it down with his chest protector and hold the runner to second base.
holding my glove to my face, i screamed, fuck.
into the leather.
the crowd quieted.
i rubbed my sweaty palm down my right pant leg, as if the ball had slipped.
it was a ruse.
i glanced to kyrie.
shed been reading her kindle, but stopped when i looked over.
she smiled, and i had to fight every goddamn muscle in my face to not smile back, regardless of the rick vaughn style pitching clinic id just put on.
braden started to toss the ball back, and must have noticed the stupor still covering my face.
he held up a hand, and when the ump yelled time he trotted out to me.
just a bit outside.
he stretched out the words to emphasize it was far enough outside to have entered a different zip code.
yeah, thanks, dick.
look man.
he peered at me through his mask.
dead serious.
you have done this shit a thousand times.
you could do it in your sleep.
this guy ai not that great, and you have got, well, the best fucking shit i have ever seen.
okay.
trust your pitches, stop looking at the pussy, and do your fucking job.
thanks, honey.
you are welcome, sweet tits.
he trotted back behind home plate.
i went through the whole routine and brought the ball up to my glove.
this time braden called for a sinker inside a two seam fastball that runs in on a right handed hitter.
i exploded off my back leg in a straight line toward home plate.
as soon as i released the pitch, i knew it was trouble.
it came in high and tight, and the pitch moved at johnston head.
he hit the deck, dropping his bat next to him.
braden caught the ball right where the batter helmet was a split second before.
johnston leaped to his feet.
fucker was built like a linebacker, and the veins in his neck were bulging.
at six two, two twenty, i had some size on him, but not a lot.
he turned to braden.
what the fuck.
do you need to go have another chat with your fucking girlfriend out there.
maybe you should, tough guy.
i could see braden teeth through his mask, smiling as the dickhead made a scene.
you got a problem.
the words escaped my lips before i could stop them.
fellas, knock it off.
let is play ball.
the ump set up behind braden.
johnston kicked at the dirt and scowled.
do not throw at me again or it is your ass.
he pointed his bat at me.
i caught kyrie in the corner of my vision and turned to meet her stare.
she was in the net, like the first time id seen her.
when i thought my dick was about to get hard, i turned away.
i looked back at johnston.
why do not you go have a seat on the bench.
it is where your fuckin ass is about to end up anyway.
he smiled, looked over in kyrie and nikki direction, and spit a stream of tobacco juice into the dirt.
nasty fuck.
i got back up to the pitching rubber and dug my foot in harder.
fuck this guy.
braden called for the slider away.
i nodded and went through my motion.
this time, i threw the pitch right where i wanted, on the outer half of the plate and breaking out of the strike zone.
it fooled johnston and he took a huge awkward swing.
the crowd erupted, keyed up from the on field tension.
braden tapped his chest twice with his glove and fired the ball back out to me.
try that shit again, meat.
johnston sneered and knocked the dirt from his cleats.
you want to look like a clown again.
it is your funeral.
i will take that shit yard then go teach your girl over there how to grip my bat.
he slid his hand up and down the handle.
i glanced to kyrie, her fingers clutching the net, then back to johnston.
you are dead, bitch.
i got back up on the bump and squeezed the ball so hard in my throwing hand i thought i might crush it with my grip.
heat rushed into my face, my cheeks burning like embers in a fire.
each breath johnston took only stoked the flames higher.
braden called for another slider away and i shook my head.
hard.
he tried again, to the same result.
then he called for a two seam inside.
i nodded, fully aware of where this next pitch was going.
this time, instead of a slide step, i kicked my knee up high and hard, almost to my chin to get all the velocity i could behind the pitch, and exploded toward johnston.
my arm was a blur as my back leg came around.
he tensed as the ball connected with his rib cage.
johnston hobbled back a step.
his initial wince turned to rage as he slammed his bat to the ground.
you fucking bitch.
i was already on a bee line straight at him when braden got in front of me, the ump in front of johnston.
he was pointing and screaming unintelligible strings of profanity.
talk about my girlfriend one more motherfucking time, and i will put you in the fucking dirt, you cocksucker.
i fought to get past braden, but hed wrapped his arms around me in a bear hug and dug in his heels.
the ump pushed back on johnston.
get to first base.
now.
he flipped around.
you are out of here.
he twirled and slung his finger out toward the right field bleachers to a chorus of boos roaring through the stadium.
it was a fucking accident.
the ball slipped.
even as i said it, i wanted to knock johnston teeth out.
the fuck it was.
you are gone.
the umpire shook his head and pointed to my dugout.
i stopped fighting and let braden push me away from johnston.
walk off.
he held his palm to my chest, warding me off from doing anything else foolish.
do not make a scene.
stay cool, easton.
i nodded.
a ball of nerves filled my stomach as i walked with my head down toward the dugout.
kyrie was staring at me, i knew it, but i could not look up at her.
i wanted to be invisible.
i walked down the steps past coach.
sorry.
he did not say anything, did not even look at me.
i went to the locker room, composed until i was out of earshot.
then i let it out.
grabbing a water jug, i turned and hurled it into the wall, ice and water exploding everywhere.
i tipped over a bench, and screamed until my voice nearly failed.
a wooden bat called my name from braden locker, and i grabbed it and started hacking away on the corner of the lockers until the handle snapped in my hand and i slung the remnants of the bat at the wall.
i was not done.
i grabbed two batting helmets and slung them across the room, effectively destroying both of them and then grabbed a trash can and slung it for good measure, littering the floor with baseball wrappers and empty cans of dip.
then i sat down, and dropped my head into my palms.
fuck.
my heart was beating a mile a minute, and i forced myself to take deep breaths.
i had not been thrown out of a game since my first year in the league.
now here i was, sitting in the locker room and throwing a temper tantrum like a three year old.
i leaned back, letting my head loll onto my shoulders.
the fluorescents above me hummed a quiet reproach for my bad behavior, and i was glad no one else had witnessed it.
i sat for a long while, trying to get my thoughts in order and replaying my fuckup.
i knew where id gone wrong hitting johnston, even though the fucker deserved it.
and i knew why kyrie.
when hed talked about touching her, i could not function rationally anymore.
i was so fucked.
the minutes passed as i heard the strains from the speakers, though i could not make out the words.
i wanted to go back out, just to see what was happening, but i could not show my face.
finally, i heard the sound of cheers and felt the vibration of thousands of stomping feet.
it meant wed pulled it out.
thank god.
i let out an anxious breath.
braden was the first through the clubhouse door.
he froze in his tracks and scanned the destroyed room.
jesus christ, kylo ren.
by that point, id composed myself, and chuckled.
i may have gotten a little carried away.
he walked over and put a hand on my shoulder.
fuck johnston, that guy a prick.
i stared up at him.
we both knew johnston was not the problem.
what am i gonna do, man.
he slapped the brim of my hat and sent it tumbling to the floor.
we will figure it out.
after showering and doing all i could to avoid the press, i finally made it to the relative safety of my truck.
i checked my phone.
one new message.
my heart did a ridiculous flip when i saw kyrie name pop up.
so fucked.
i swiped my thumb over it.
hey, you okay.
i typed back.
yeah, i am fine.
just got carried away out there.
i fired up the truck.
what are you doing.
i looked around at the parking lot.
sitting in my truck.
about to head home.
i wanted to tell her i was sorry for the way i behaved, but i could not find the right words when my phone lit up again.
you want company.
no.
but her company.
yes i had to see her.
i wanted to hold her, kiss her i could not say no.
i pulled out of the parking lot and sped toward the cross street.
my phone flickered on.
see you at your place.
kyrie stood by my door.
i could not stop staring at her long legs in her dress, and then up to her hair and smile.
do not be an asshole.
i am sorry about that, i said as i walked up.
about what.
it was not one of my finer moments on the field.
i was just happy to see you.
even if it was short lived.
she smirked.
i faked a smile and her amusement faded.
you did not have to stand out here in the hall.
they could have given you a key at the front.
i did not mind.
i have not been here long.
i stuck my key in the door and opened it to let her in.
she stood there, staring.
fuck, i should have hugged her or something.
kissed her.
i needed to remedy the situation.
she started to walk through the door and i reached out and stopped her.
i ran my hand down her side and pressed my fingertips into the soft curve of her hip.
hesitation seemed to run through her, but a hint of anticipation as well.
i used my free hand to push a few locks of hair behind her ear.
her eyes sparkled though her nose crinkled as if she were uncertain about me.
running my hand from her hair to her cheek, i leaned down, pressing my lips to hers.
she tasted like fruity lip gloss.
for a brief moment, i forgot about everything that happened on the field.
her mouth parted and our tongues met in the middle, slowly twisting around each other.
she leaned back, severing our connection.
what was that all about anyway.
nothing.
i responded too quick.
she fidgeted with the hem of her dress.
it did not look like nothing.
he said something to piss you off.
what was it.
i was not about to tell her what he said.
i damn sure was not about to tell her that i called her my girlfriend in front of forty thousand people, whether they could hear it or not.
i do not want to worry about it.
i want all my attention on you.
i gripped her ass and lifted her easily, carrying her toward the couch as she let out a squeak of protest.
my cock surged against my zipper at the sound.
she clutched my shoulders though her lips were pressed into a tight line.
this is moving kind of fast for me.
i am not sure.
i lowered her to her back on the sofa, eyeing her from head to toe and wondering what she had on under the thin fabric of her flowery dress.
i am.
kyrie easton stood above me, raking my body with his gaze.
i squirmed, the tension already building between my thighs.
after the game, id wanted to console him.
but the moment hed looked at me in the hallway his frustration turning to something hotter all semblance of thought had flown from my mind.
and when hed kissed me.
everything had stopped except his body pressed to mine, his tongue owning me.
but i needed to shut this down.
i closed my eyes and took in a deep breath.
too much, too soon.
i sat up.
look, easton, i did not come over here to he leaned over, claiming my mouth with an insistent kiss and pushing me back into the cushions.
i put my hands on his chest and tried to shove him away, but he grabbed my wrists and pinned them next to my ears.
his kiss lit me on fire and i could not help but return it, caressing his tongue with mine as he slanted over me, tasting me.
when he squeezed my wrists harder, i moaned into his mouth.
he worked his knee between my thighs, the thin georgette material of my dress pushing up as he went.
god, if he went much farther hed know how wet i was.
i turned my head, breaking the kiss and taking a breath, but he was not deterred.
he fastened his lips to my neck, sucking and licking until goose bumps covered my arms and legs and i arched my back to him.
when my pebbled nipples rubbed against his hard chest, i gasped.
he released my wrists and ran his hands down my shoulders, pushing my cardigan and the top of my dress down until my breasts were revealed.
the cool air hit them, but soon after his mouth was hot and wet on one while he palmed the other.
i dug my fingers into his hair and let my head fall back against the couch.
spread your legs.
his voice was sandpaper as he went back to sucking and biting my nipple, my need growing with each nip of his teeth.
i opened my legs and he pushed his knee up higher, until it was almost touching my pussy.
wider, kyrie.
he bit my nipple for emphasis, making me moan and do as hed said, spreading as wide as i could.
when his knee made contact with me, he hissed.
you are so hot.
i dug my nails into his scalp as he switched to my other nipple, giving it the same treatment as he moved his knee against my pussy, steady pressure up and down that had me moving my hips along with him.
placing a kiss between my breasts, he pulled his knee away and sank to the floor in front of me.
he ran his hands up my thighs under my dress and gripped my ass, yanking me forward until i was perched on the edge of the couch.
looking up at me, his eyes were hooded and the corners of his mouth turned up in a faint smile.
moving his hand around my thigh, he stroked down the wet material of my panties and then back up to my clit.
he used his thumb, rubbing my nub through the material and making me ache for more contact.
you like that.
he asked, the devious smile still playing along his lips.
tell me.
i i like it.
how about this.
he pushed his finger around the fabric of my panties and touched my clit, stroking it in the same motion.
i jumped at the contact and bit my lip.
yes.
it was a husky whisper.
he licked his lips and my thighs went up in flames.
do you want me to kiss you here.
he ran his thumb down and teased it at my entrance.
say no, say no, say no.
yes.
what if i fuck you here.
ram my cock as deep and hard as i can until you come on a scream.
would you like that.
no, no, no.
yes.
i made a keening sound as he plunged his thumb inside me.
youd say my name, would not you.
he pulled his thumb out and licked it clean as i watched.
my heart thumped in my chest and i could not think, only stare as he closed his eyes and relished my taste.
say it.
his voice hardened, the edge piercing and ragged.
heaven help me.
yes.
he reached up and flattened a palm on my chest, pushing me down against the couch.
he used his other hand to grip my panties and rip them off, tossing the ruined fabric to the floor.
then he put both palms under my ass and lifted me to his mouth.
his breath against my hot skin made me whimper.
when he licked from my entrance to my clit, i moaned and dug my nails into the leather.
touch your tits.
he fastened his mouth to my clit as i pinched my nipples, my hips rocking up to his mouth as he squeezed my ass.
my head was against the back of the couch, tilted forward so i could see everything he did.
his blue eyes focused on my tits then my eyes and back again as he worked me.
when he slid his tongue down and stabbed it into my entrance, i arched my back even farther, and squeezed my nipples until they hurt.
my pussy clenched around him and he groaned, fucking me in a fast rhythm.
easton.
i panted.
please.
i did not know what i was asking for.
i just knew i needed him to give it to me.
he returned to my clit, flicking it with his tongue, and moved one hand from my ass.
when he plunged two fingers inside me, i cried out his name.
he pushed farther inside, still licking my clit, and curled his fingers up to my spot.
my hips moved to his rhythm, grinding my pussy against his velvet tongue.
every breath was a soft moan as my walls clamped down on his fingers and my body became nothing but a mix of pure pleasure and need.
every touch was calculated, perfectly leading me toward the cliff of my orgasm.
he fastened his lips to my clit and sucked, nodding his head as he did it, and i fell over the edge.
i arched my back, completely open to him as my pussy spasmed, every nerve ending in my body focused on his mouth and the sensation of delicious release.
his name was on repeat in my mind, on my lips, as my orgasm crested, my hips seizing as he continued to suck my clit.
it went on and on as he stroked me, his fingers teasing out my pleasure right along with his tongue.
coming back down, my muscles relaxed and i melted into the couch.
he kept licking me and gripped my ass harder as i tried to push away from him.
easton.
i cried when he nibbled at my clit with his teeth.
he pulled his fingers from me and kissed to my breasts.
he put his palm to my back, pulling me to him as he tongued my nipple.
id just had the best orgasm of my life, and he was already stoking the fire for another.
reaching behind me, he gripped my hair and yanked, forcing me to arch even further into his mouth.
the pain sent a new wave of desire through me.
i reached down and ran my hand along his hard length.
i wanted to touch him, to feel his smooth skin in my palm, taste it on my lips.
condom, he mumbled against my skin.
no, i am on the pill.
you are clean, right.
you better be clean.
he answered by biting down harder on my nipple.
i made quick work of his belt, then undid his jeans and zipper.
reaching in, i felt his damp head and stroked down his shaft.
he groaned and kissed to my lips.
i squeezed him in my palm and his hips jerked against me.
fuck.
he stood and pushed me to my back, then crawled between my thighs.
i pulled at the hem of his shirt, not wanting anything but the feel of his skin against me.
he obliged, pulling it off and tossing it to the floor.
his chest was wide and strong, the abs rippling down to his hard cock.
my eyes widened at his size.
i looked up at him, and he gave me a satisfied smirk before he lowered himself on top of me and claimed my mouth again.
his tip grazed my clit, and i dug my nails into his back at the tingling sensation that ricocheted through my body.
i am going to fuck you hard, kyrie.
i want you to know that, baby.
he kissed to my ear and licked around the shell.
i am going to own this pussy.
i can not help myself.
running his hands through my hair, he pulled, making his point as he bit down on my shoulder.
i trembled at his words and the fire inside me clicked up a few degrees.
he placed his head at my entrance and i spread my legs even wider, my knee digging into the back of the couch, when his phone rang.
it was not a normal ringtone.
it was some nineties hit that i vaguely recalled was by non blondes.
fuck.
he licked and sucked at my jugular as his phone went to voicemail.
his head still teased at me, and i wanted to push down onto him, forcing him inside me.
but i did not have a chance.
he had me pinned, totally at his mercy.
and it was the hottest thing id ever felt.
fuck, your pussy is so wet.
he pushed inside the slightest bit and i clawed at his back.
more.
i was desperate for him.
his phone rang again.
fuck.
he turned his head and looked at the phone, and moved his hips back, pulling out.
what is it.
i kissed the line of his jaw.
my sister.
she never calls.
hates talking on the phone.
so it must be important.
otherwise, i would never even think answer it.
it is fine.
it was not fine.
i wanted him inside me more than i wanted my next breath.
but he seemed genuinely concerned.
i am so sorry.
fuck.
he reached for the phone and swiped to answer.
kasey, i swear to fucking god if you are trolling me right now i am going to he quieted and i could hear a man voice filtering through the phone.
his face fell and he sat back on his knees and muttered a few uh huhs here and there.
i sat up next to him and put my hand on his chest.
his heart was hammering, and i feared it was not just from our activities.
no.
i am on my way.
he got to his feet and yanked his pants up.
what.
i pulled my dress back into place.
my sister.
she been in a car accident.
i have to get to the hospital.
my stomach churned.
is she okay.
something happened to her hand.
i do not know.
i just have to get there.
he pulled his shirt on and helped me to my feet.
i will come with you.
i grabbed my cardigan and bag.
you do not have to.
he pulled his shoes on while i slipped back into my espadrilles.
i know.
i want to.
he gripped the back of my neck and kissed the top of my head.
thank you.
then he took my hand and we hurried down to his truck.
he sped through the streets, running red lights whenever no one was coming.
his devotion to his sister made me look at him even more swoony than i already did.
he gripped my hand, his tension ratcheting up as we parked in the hospital deck.
hurrying through the halls to the emergency room, i was only able to keep up with him because he wrapped his arm around my waist and hauled me alongside him.
we burst into the emergency department and bee lined for the nurse station.
kasey holliday.
where is she.
the nurse, a young blonde, looked up and batted her eyelashes at him.
i am afraid i can not give out that information.
sort of fucking barbarians run this place.
this is cunt shit.
where my morphine.
an irate woman voice floated to my ears.
i pulled on easton hand.
come on.
i hear her.
huh.
he turned away from the flirty nurse and i pointed down the hall in the direction of the growing diatribe.
and another thing, i want a hot nurse.
big tits, got me.
when easton heard that last little bit of bluster, he took off and we rushed to kasey room.
she sat upright, a bandage on her temple and her left hand in some sort of gauze and silver metal contraption that kept her fingers straight.
what the fuck, kasey.
easton rushed to her bed and a relieved looking doctor hurried by, undoubtedly happy for the distraction.
easton grabbed his sister chin and turned her head to the side to inspect her bandage.
what the fuck happened.
kasey sniffed.
why do your fingers smell like tasty pussy.
easton pulled his hand away and stuffed it into his pocket as kasey glanced to me.
a smile spread across her face, though it turned into a painful grimace at the end.
morphine, i said.
her shout made me want to cover my ears.
she quieted down and peered past easton to me.
come here.
looking at you will make me feel better.
i could not help but smile and walk up to easton elbow.
she eyed me up and down, lingering on my breasts on each pass, before settling back into her pillows.
yes, i feel better already.
tell me what happened, easton said.
well.
she looked out the window.
i was minding my own business, see.
riding along in stephanie car.
who stephanie.
i do not know.
met her last night.
not important.
she waved her good hand in the air.
and, well, there was a red light.
but she did not see it, i guess, because her eyes were closed.
easton shook his head and crossed his arms over his chest.
why was that.
she held up her right hand.
because these fingers were hard at work inside her gooey bits.
easton scrubbed a hand down his face.
the hand with my tasty pussy smell on it.
i tried not to cringe.
he did not seem to notice.
kasey and i had my left hand around the back of her seat.
she held up the bandaged hand.
so when she ran the light, a car t boned her, squished my fingers, and knocked me the fuck out on something.
maybe the dashboard.
i do not know.
all i really remember is her saying i am coming.
i am coming.
kasey you are the hottest fucking lezzy i have ever let finger bang me in my life.
she shrugged.
the last line was just in her head, you see.
but i know it was there.
easton pinched the bridge of his nose.
so let me get this straight.
he tensed, speaking through clenched teeth.
you almost got yourself killed because you thought it was a good idea if you stuck your fingers in some chick while she was driving on a busy street at night.
when you say it like that, i sound like an idiot.
she shook her head, the light shining on her dirty blonde locks.
she was tall and thin, a dancer body overtaken by a hilarious sailor mouth.
she and easton favored in their dark blue eyes and dimples.
that is because you are an idiot, kasey.
jeez.
what the fuck am i going to do with you.
hey.
do not hate because i finger banged a girl into a coma.
she in a coma.
easton stared, aghast.
kasey started to laugh, but stopped and put her good hand to her temple.
no, i am fucking with you.
she fine.
already got released.
side curtain airbag thingy or whatever.
he uncrossed his arms and moved toward her, irritation rolling off him in waves.
i grabbed his elbow as she gave him a smug stare.
hey, easton, let us girls talk for a minute.
maybe you should go out in the hall and cool off.
he fisted his hands and glared down at me.
i am cool.
no, you are not.
come on.
i pulled his arm and he stumbled away from his sister bed.
this ai not over, kasey, he grumbled as i led him into the hallway.
calm down feisty pants.
let me talk to her.
i think i might have a better chance at getting through to her.
when you are angry, she just makes jokes and plays it off.
i thought you were a magazine something or other not a shrink.
he smirked.
i leaned up and kissed him on the cheek.
i will be back out in a minute.
fine.
but i will warn you.
she handsy as fuck.
he leaned against the wall.
i went back inside kasey room and shut the door behind me before walking to her bed and sitting at the foot.
she raised an eyebrow.
coming over to the dark side.
impressed with my skills.
she gawked at my breasts again.
kasey.
i shook my head.
you scared the shit out of easton.
when he found out youd been hurt, he could not get to you fast enough.
i do not know you well at all.
you do not know me at all, you mean.
she turned her head and looked out the window again, avoiding any real interaction.
you are right.
i do not.
but i know easton well enough that i can tell he loves you more than anyone.
and he does not want to see you hurt.
i know.
she sighed and brought her eyes back to mine.
it was dumb of me, okay.
i did not know shed get in a wreck or i would not have done it in the first place.
i nodded.
of course.
i just think that maybe you need to tell easton that.
he was so scared.
if you could have seen his face when the phone call came in laying it on a wee bit thick now.
she cocked her head at me.
i smiled.
maybe a little.
but he was terrified.
and, though i find you amusing, i do not think that is working for him right now.
i wanted you to know so you could smooth it over.
and do not do it again.
i will not.
jeez.
she threw up her good hand.
i wanted to fuck you but now you are acting like my mother, which makes me feel all confused and wrong.
not that i do not like it.
your tits go a long way toward making me feel better.
flash me.
i laughed and shook my head.
glad we had this chat.
i stood, ready to get easton so the two of them could make up.
he a good guy, you know, she said softly.
i am not the only one who does not need to be getting hurt.
he has this reputation as a badass pitcher, but he still my brother.
i can still kick his ass.
do not hurt him.
he more heart than he is brain sometimes.
i will not as long as you promise not to finger bang any more women while they are driving.
fine, fine.
agreed.
she smiled, but when i turned to retrieve easton from the hall, she said cockblock under her breath.
i stifled my laugh.
barely.
kyrie so, how big are we talking.
nikki perched on the edge of my desk.
you are ridiculous.
i ignored her piercing stare.
she grinned, her too red lips making her look like a cheshire cat.
tiny, huh.
i stopped typing my email to tessa and looked at her over my glasses.
no, i am pretty sure it was the biggest i have had, but i did not actually have it.
i looked toward the hallway where various coworkers walked by.
and we should not be discussing this here.
please.
she kicked the door closed with her mary jane stiletto.
these assholes could use some excitement in their lives.
more excitement than your tampon article provided.
surely not.
i coughed into my palm.
you know that shit was epic.
she tapped her red nails on her chin.
you think tessa going to notice that i referred to them as menses mops in a few places.
i covered my face with my hands.
oh my god.
you did not.
i did.
i surely did.
i can not think of a single phrase with more sparkle, except maybe poon plug.
out.
get out.
i pointed to the door.
wait, wait.
she held up her hands.
i am sorry.
let me stay.
i promise i will be good.
no more puns.
period.
i laughed, her last joke finally breaking me until i was a giggling, teary eyed mess.
it was the sort of laughter that would only multiply if i did not go ahead and let it out.
she just grinned, pleased that shed finally broken me.
okay, new topic, you crazy whore.
i wiped beneath my eyes before my mascara ran.
i want the same one you avoided easton.
you are like a bitch with a bone.
i repositioned my glasses on my nose.
no, that was me and braden last night.
she pointed to her crotch.
still sore as hell.
let me tell you.
please do not.
so you did not get any dick last night.
no.
almost.
well, sort of.
he i glanced to the closed door and lowered my voice.
he went down on me.
and, oh my god, it was the best thing i have ever felt in my life.
she smiled and leaned over, her necklace swinging over her super pushed up boobs in her sea green top.
that good, huh.
mind blowing.
i can not even describe it.
i blushed at the memory.
he was sort of frustrated, and then a little rough, and he got such a dirty mouth on him.
she scooted her blonde locks to one side of her neck and fanned the other with her hand.
did i pick the wrong player.
i do not know where he learned his, um, technique, but a girl could get used to it.
i dropped my gaze as embarrassment heated my skin.
so why no dick.
his sister was in a car wreck.
we went to the hospital to visit her.
oh, shit.
she sat back up.
she okay.
yeah.
but he was worried.
it was cute.
you can tell they have a really tight bond.
well, as long as everything turned out all right.
except for you not getting dick.
that shit is never all right.
when are you seeing him again.
i do not know.
i figure they have games soon, so maybe he will not have a lot of time for me.
i did not know if i hoped my statement was or was not true.
thinking about him, craving him i already did these things far too much.
i could not let myself fall for a player again.
could i.
pull up their schedule.
she pointed at my monitor.
good idea, though not the best use of company resources.
i tapped away on the keys, searching for the ravens.
a list of websites popped up, but across the top was an images tab.
easton handsome face caught my eye.
i clicked on it.
he was not alone in the photo.
a hot blonde was under his arm.
i scrolled down.
photo after photo of easton with different women.
so many.
nikki started nibbling on her fingernail.
kyrie, do not do not what.
do not see what sort of man easton is.
my eyes began to water again, but not from mirth.
this one was taken just a month ago.
i pointed to a photo of easton, a redhead under each arm and lipstick kisses on his cheeks.
my heart grew cold and my ears heated.
my fingers fell numb as i scrolled down, more pictures of easton kissing strange women, groping them, letting them sit on his lap.
nikki came up behind me and put her hands on my shoulders.
they are professional athletes.
women are always going to be throwing themselves at them.
stop looking.
i took my glasses off and tossed them down on my desk.
they might throw themselves, but that does not mean that easton had to catch every last one of them.
i brushed her hands off me, and she returned to the desk, her smile gone.
jesus.
i can not believe i almost let him fuck me.
god, i am so stupid.
so many dark thoughts and memories flitted through my head that i had to close my eyes against the onslaught.
he the same as the rest of them.
the same as i did not say his name.
i would not.
you are being too hard on him.
he did not know you then.
give him a ch just go.
please.
i tried not to blame her for getting my hopes up.
but i would not have met easton if it were not for her.
kyrie.
her voice gentled, all sarcasm gone.
do not be so hard on him.
he not the same as do not say his name.
my voice rose, anger tingeing the words and making them ugly.
leave.
okay.
if that is what you want.
but i am here if you want to talk.
nikki left, closing the door behind her.
i crumpled in my chair, letting the tears plop onto my navy skirt.
at least id learned what easton was truly like before id given him any more of me.
baseball players were just that players.
and i was a fool for thinking easton could ever be anything more.
easton a sliver of light shot through the blinds in my room and pounded my face.
one of my eyes opened and quickly closed before i managed the courage to open both and squint.
still, the first thing on my mind was her name.
kyrie.
i had not heard from her all day yesterday, despite my constant texting and calls that went straight to voicemail.
what the fuck.
i had thought things were going well.
shed gone with me to the hospital when kasey acted like an idiot and got herself in an accident.
now, nothing.
sliding out of bed in my boxers, i headed down the hallway into the living room.
the television was loud and laughter echoed off the walls.
when i rounded the corner, kasey was on the couch eating ice cream at eight in the morning in her pajamas, most of the ice cream smeared on her face.
fucked up on pain pills.
i walked past and headed toward the fridge.
you know i am.
kasey spooned out a boulder sized glob of mint chocolate chip and completely missed her mouth with it.
it slid off onto the cushion and she just went for another spoonful, completely oblivious.
jesus christ.
i rifled through the fridge.
her soy milk was the only thing i could find.
i glanced back to her to make sure she was not looking and yanked it out.
i tipped it up and took a few gulps straight from the carton.
i stuck it back in the fridge and turned to the living room.
she stared right at me.
you are lucky i will not remember you did that later, you dick.
i chuckled.
how the hand.
no idea.
i do not feel shit.
she tapped her chin.
i wonder if i could finger blast myself and it would seem like someone else was doing it.
write that idea down for me so i do not forget when you leave later.
i shook my head and grinned.
you are out of control.
you talk to your girlyfriend.
this was not a conversation i wanted to have at the moment.
my phone lit up on the counter and i ran over to it, only to see braden picture flash.
damn.
i swiped my finger across it.
hello.
hey, i am over by your place.
care if i stop by to check on kasey.
i glanced over to see kasey holding the empty tub of ice cream in the air and banging on the back of it with her free hand.
please come fast.
that is what she said.
later.
i walked into the living room and sat down on the couch.
the back of my knee landed in something cold.
fuck.
i jumped up and brushed ice cream off my leg as she laughed.
way to make a mess, easton.
her sneer was made extra comical by the ice cream in her hair.
any other day i would have just chilled with her and enjoyed her antics, but kyrie was still in my mind.
kasey glanced over at me.
she still has not called.
i shook my head.
cunt.
confusion and irritation mixed in my bloodstream as i walked to grab a towel to clean up kasey ice cream.
why was i irritated.
because kyrie was running cold on me again.
i knew she enjoyed the fucking orgasm i gave her.
she went with me to the hospital.
shed gotten my sister to act like a normal human being for once.
and then wed parted with a kiss that almost had me fucking her against her front door.
something was not adding up and i needed to find out what.
the front door opened and braden walked through.
what up, sis.
hey.
kasey drew out her word far longer than any sober person would.
you fucked up.
whatd they give you.
hydro.
you tell em to eat shit, you wanted percs.
yeah, but the nurse did not like me.
huh.
since when does that shit happen.
he looked at me like it was the most ridiculous thing hed ever heard.
for good reason.
id seen kasey turn a straight girl to the dark side more times than i could count.
she was all religified married or some stupid excuse and i was on a morphine drip not giving a fuck.
i do not think she appreciated me asking her if she ever went to town on herself exorcist style with the crucifix she was wearing.
i pulled out my phone and texted kyrie while kasey rehashed the events to braden, some of them embellished more than the story id received.
hey, is everything okay.
id love to see you today.
or at least talk to you.
i turned back to kasey and braden.
no shit.
you were three fingers deep when she had the wreck.
braden paused and stared at kasey for a second.
worth it.
they both said it at the same time, grinning at each other.
so what is up with you and the bubbly blonde.
kasey asked.
you using the technique on her i taught you.
you fuckin know i have been.
shit is magic.
they both began doing some choreographed hand movements while repeating the same thing.
fingers go in knuckle deep, ready that pussy for a feast.
grip them up and swirl the spot, thumb that clitty til it is nice and hot.
flick the tongue and watch her squirm, give the thumb another turn.
slip the pinky in the bum, watch her scream your name and come.
both of them doubled over in laughter before high fiving.
id have been right there with them if kyrie was not cold shouldering the fuck out of me.
you guys done.
i scrubbed a hand over my face.
why you being such a twat.
braden turned on the couch and stared at me.
his wife is not talking to him.
kasey paused.
one of you needs to get me more ice cream.
do you know what is up with her.
has nikki said anything.
i walked around to the recliner and sat down.
naw man.
umm, no idea.
he took too long to respond and broke eye contact.
braden was a great friend but a horrible liar.
i leaned forward with my elbows on my knees.
what did nikki say.
braden foot tapped on the hardwoods.
i can not say anything.
i promised, bro.
kasey smacked braden across the back of his head.
dicks before chicks, motherfucker.
mine is metaphorical in this case, but you get the picture.
she turned to me.
what the hell happened anyway.
your fingers smelled like freshly deflowered kyrie the last time i saw you two together.
her eyes narrowed.
whatd you do.
i shrugged.
i have no fucking clue.
but bitch boy here obviously knows something.
i motioned to braden who sank farther into the couch with each word.
he finally put some thoughts together and held up both hands, speaking slower and clearer than usual.
look.
i cannot say anything.
i started to interrupt him.
but if i were you, and i wanted to know what the issue was, i would go see nikki.
that is all i can say.
kasey clocked him in the jaw with her good hand, hard enough to turn his head back toward me.
i winced at how hard she hit him.
then i chuckled while he glared at me with his jaw clenched.
yep, i deserved that.
he stared down at the floor.
you motherfuckers need to get your shit together.
letting pussy run your life.
it is blasphemous.
she stared lasers at us and wagged her finger back and forth.
there was a brief pause.
blasphemous.
changing on a hydrocodone coated dime, she leaned over and gave braden a big hug and then stood up to give me one as well.
her smile faded until her lips were smashed into a thin line and her words came through gritted teeth.
if i have to go see those bitches, there will be trouble.
so work your fucking shit out.
got me.
yes maam.
braden straightened up on the couch.
she turned to me.
i like kyrie, easton.
i think she perfect for you.
but she owes you an explanation.
you have too much shit going on right now for her to be fucking with your mind.
she sighed.
so go talk to nikki and see what you can find out.
if that does not work, go stalk kyrie and do the shit you stage five pussy whipped clingers do.
i am going to nap.
kasey walked off toward her room, not without careening off the hallway walls first.
i turned to braden and grinned.
you okay.
he ran a hand up to his jaw.
she hits like a fucking freight train.
jesus.
i laughed.
i know.
you want me to tell you what is up.
i will.
no, let me go chat your woman up first.
if she spills, you will be off the hook.
and i am willing to guess she can not keep secrets for shit.
that is the truth.
braden stood up.
i gotta get going.
need to run an errand.
i will see you at practice.
i knocked on the door of nikki townhouse out in suburbia.
everything looked the same as far as i could see.
someone was grilling in their backyard, reminding me i had not eaten all day.
my stomach grumbled.
just a minute.
nikki sounded like she was upstairs.
id thought about calling her, but itd be easier for her to deny me the information over the phone if she wanted.
braden was running errands so i knew i would not be interrupting a fuck marathon.
coming.
the sound of footsteps grew louder before the door flew open.
she looked up at me and then dropped her head and moved to the side.
come on in.
she waved me through the door and toward her living room.
her decor mirrored her personality.
gaudy, bright colors, modern lines.
it suited her, and was not too bad.
just not my style.
we sat down and she smiled.
oh, i am sorry, easton.
you want something to drink.
her grin widened.
no, i am good.
there was a lull.
why are you smiling.
sorry, i am just glad you are here.
why.
two fold really.
see, it means you want to know why kyrie is ignoring your sorry ass.
and it also means my baby did not tell you why.
sorry ass.
what the hell.
i balled my hands into fists, but managed a calm voice.
i needed information from her, and escalating the conflict would not help me get it.
what did i do.
c amon easton.
you know what the fuck you did.
her grin was gone.
she stood and paced with her hands on her hips, her yoga pants sticking to her like a second skin.
i made more than a small effort to avoid looking at any possible camel toe situation.
because i was a gentleman, after all.
she alternated between glaring at me and looking out the window.
gonna sit there like you are all innocent.
my mouth fell open at the accusation in her tone.
i am so goddamn confused right now.
we went to my place.
i mean, things moved pretty fast but she was a willing participant.
then we went to the hospital and she acted like she cared about me and my sister.
then nothing.
my face reddened and i stood up, towering over nikki.
so much for staying calm.
what the fuck did i do, nikki.
what is her deal.
i am not going to sit here and be kept in the dark while people paint me as a fucking asshole.
she did not back down, only glared up at me.
look.
easton.
you are right, okay.
you are still a fucking dick.
but you deserve to know why.
and i am sorry.
i took some frustration out on you because she mad at me too for introducing the two of you.
so sit down.
we both sank onto the couch, each at separate ends.
a nervous feeling ripped through my body and landed in the pit of my stomach.
look, kyrie dated someone for a long long time and they were engaged.
she still is not over it, and they parted ways two years ago.
it was a bad split.
she inhaled a deep breath.
he was a baseball player.
still is, actually.
you guys play against him sometimes.
but he fed her full of all kinds of lies and manipulated her, while he was fucking anything he could put his dick inside on the road, in town, wherever.
who is it.
my skin was on fire.
fuck this guy.
i plotted his death in my mind.
no, no.
you are not getting his name out of me.
she twisted one of her rings around her finger, over and over.
her words still did not explain the cold shoulder.
wait.
okay, yeah.
so she had a bad relationship with a baseball player.
what does that have to do with me.
i am not him.
easton, do you ever google the name of the team you play for.
umm, no.
i stared at her like she was a funny looking bug.
why.
well, there are photos that come up when you do that.
what.
like pictures of the stadium.
i put my elbows on my knees and ran my hands down my cheeks.
i am so confused right now.
jesus christ, easton.
there are cleat chasers draped all over you.
chicks half naked, kissing you, grinding on you some of the pictures are less than a month old.
and if you scroll down the screen they just keep going.
i moved my face into my palms as i realized what it must have looked like.
sure, i liked to fuck a lot loved it to be honest.
but it never occurred to me all that would come back to bite me like this.
a chill ripped up my spine and i let out a long, exasperated sigh.
i know what that must look like to her.
but i was not in a relationship with anyone, let alone engaged to be married to someone.
i am not a piece of shit.
i was single.
that may be the case, but when kyrie saw those pics, all it did was dig those old wounds open.
she feels betrayed.
hurt.
like a fool.
she does not trust people easily.
sure, i wished i had not been careless and whored around.
but that was before i even met her.
and her shifting the title of asshole over to me when it should stay with her ex did not sit well, either.
i need to see her.
she owes me that much.
if id known i was going to meet her and was going to fa i stopped myself.
nikki face grew pink and her lips curled into a wry smile.
was going to like her and want something more than a fling, i would not have been messing around with all those women.
i mean hell, braden was right there with me.
and now he like a loyal puppy.
more loyal to you than me.
he would not tell me any of this shit, and i am his best friend.
but you do not hold all of his past over his head.
like i said, easton, you have a point.
but i did not get royally fucked over by a player.
you are right, it is not fair.
but it is reality.
i am sorry.
she shrugged.
can you talk to her.
get me through the door at least.
i ran a hand through my hair.
i will try, okay.
but i just do not know right now.
i am on her shit list, too.
you are not alone.
i have not heard from her since she saw the pictures and ordered me out of her office.
nikki looked away.
but i do not want you to get your hopes up.
she stubborn once she made a decision.
the fact she opened up to you at all was a damn miracle in itself.
i stood.
thanks, nikki.
you are welcome, sweetie.
good luck.
i really like the way you two look together, and she was so happy when she talked about you.
she had not been like that well, ever.
not even with you know who.
that last bit boosted my confidence a bit after nikki had practically ripped my heart out.
the challenge for me would be not blowing up for being charged with someone else crimes.
if i could manage that, i could get her back.
well, if she talked to me.
nikki led me out the front door, and we said our goodbyes.
i hopped in the truck and dialed kyrie number.
it went straight to voicemail.
shocker.
this is kyrie, leave me a message.
unless you are a player.
beep.
the end of her message had me stuttering like a buffoon.
um um, hey, it is me, again.
look, i get you do not want to talk to me, for whatever reason you have.
but i think i deserve more than being ignored.
if you need more time, that is fine.
but can you send me a text telling me when we can talk, so that i at least have something to hold onto.
i am dying over here.
my hand slipped and i hit a button.
there was a voice.
do you want to save this message or record a new one.
answer yes or no.
yes, wait which question am i responding to.
do you want to delete this message.
i was trying to leave a heartfelt message and maintain my thought process and this recording had me on the verge of blowing a gasket.
what the fuck.
no.
i am sorry, i did not understand that.
well open your goddamn ears then, motherfucker.
i am sorry.
i did not understand that.
look, douche.
i am trying to tell the woman i lo like, that i need to talk to her.
and you are saving message.
goodbye.
the line clicked dead.
i sat there with a blank stare, catching my eyes in the rear view mirror momentarily.
did my conversation with the machine just get tacked on to the end of that voicemail.
i tried to call again and it went straight to voicemail once more.
fuck.
i beat my phone on the dash, more times than i was proud of.
it may have been broken.
i did not check.
looking out at the road, i decided there was not anywhere to go but home.
i picked up my phone, and, fortunately, it still seemed to operate and the screen was crack free.
my personal photos whipped across the screen as i searched for the one i wanted, the one id snuck the first night i met her at the restaurant.
i had to see her somehow.
i sat for a moment and stared at her eyes, hair, and smile.
though i wanted to defend myself by telling her i had not done anything wrong, i knew that was not entirely true.
if i could take back all those meaningless nights full of even more meaningless hookups, i would.
but i could not.
i sighed and gave her another long look before turning the screen off and heading to my place.
kyrie i sat at my desk, my eyes going over the same sentence in the same email about fifty times, my brain registering nothing of what id read.
i kept seeing flashes of easton easygoing smile, his arm draped around this blonde or that brunette.
it was all so familiar a player getting as many notches on his bedpost as possible.
too familiar, really.
i forced myself to stare at tessa correspondence and actually comprehend what she was telling me.
flinging myself into my work had saved me last time my heart took a beating.
it could do the same again.
fuck.
i finally read the entirety of the email and wished i had not.
she wanted me to fly to l.a.
for an interview with the youngest daughter of some nightmare reality tv family known for sex tapes and plastic surgery.
when id signed up for teen sparkle, it was supposed to be a stepping stone.
with assignments like this, it was turning into an albatross hanging around my neck.
no publication would take me seriously if i kept writing pieces about flash in the pan hollywood wannabes.
i sighed and rested my chin on my hand.
my eyes wandered to the orange scone someone had set on my desk before id gotten to work this morning.
that someone being nikki.
she knew i was a sucker for carbs.
sliding the pastry over, i admitted defeat and took a bite.
it melted in my mouth, the orange glaze sweet and zesty on my tongue.
gotcha.
nikki leaned against my doorframe.
are you a baked goods ninja.
i asked through a mouthful of scone.
maybe.
she smiled and took another step inside, testing the waters.
i am going to put a bell around your neck if you keep that up.
but you can come in.
you are forgiven for introducing me to hot, sexy, baseball player scum.
just do not let it happen again.
i could not stay mad at her, especially not when id already devoured half of her peace offering.
about that i mean, i almost let him stick it in me.
all the way.
not just the damn tip.
i licked the glaze off my fingers and took a swig from my coffee cup emblazoned with the letters hbic, a gift from nikki, of course.
she took her usual spot on my desk, her sassy red skirt riding up to reveal some black thigh highs.
are you fucking someone in the office.
i pointed to the lacy edges of her garters.
no, this is for braden later.
he wanted to play naughty secretary.
i laughed and brushed the scone crumbs from my light pink top.
easton came to see me over the weekend.
i stopped brushing and my eyes rounded in surprise.
what.
he was desperate to find out why you will not take his calls.
i pressed my lips together, trying to hold in my anger.
and what did you tell him.
she pressed her palms down onto my desk and stared at her knees.
the truth.
that you were hurt before and that we saw the pictures of him being captain fuckaho.
go on.
i could not tell if i was angrier with easton or with her for talking about me behind my back.
he said those photos were taken months ago, long before he met you.
so.
i bit out.
is that supposed to prove something.
she looked at me through her lashes.
yes.
i think you know it does.
i searched for any recent photos of him.
there are none.
he has not been whoring around over the past week at all.
not since he met you.
one week does not prove anything, nikki.
she tapped her nails along my desk and seemed to be wrestling with what to say next.
her reticence made me fidget in my chair.
i have never known you to be at a loss for words.
out with it.
her gaze was frank as she lifted her face to mine, no more subterfuge.
do not take this the wrong way, but i do not think you are being fair.
i flinched, stung by her words.
why are you taking his side.
you know what happened with yes, i know, kyrie.
i was there, remember.
i held you night after night as you cried your heart out.
i was there every weekend with you, having netflix marathons and scouring celebrity gossip rags.
i was there.
remember.
god, i was such an asshole.
nikki was right.
shed always been there for me, always had my back.
she was my rock after the breakup, helping me sell my wedding dress and explain the situation to wedding invitees.
i could not have gotten through the humiliation or the hurt without her.
yes, i remember, i said quietly as my eyes watered.
i am your girl.
you know this.
so when i say you are not being fair, it is not without those considerations about the past, okay.
but i really think he deserves a shot.
he not the same as you know who.
i would not have hooked you up with him if i thought they were anywhere near the same.
she leaned over and squeezed my shoulder, her friendly brown eyes glittering with tears.
i love you.
but i think you are wrong about him, and i think you are going to regret passing him up.
that is all i wanted to say.
i love you, too.
i stood and hugged her.
jeez, i need implants, she said and pressed me harder against her.
i want braden to feel this every time i hug him.
grady, from the mailroom, walked past my door pushing his cart.
then he backed up and stared, a goofy grin overtaking his face as he watched the two of us embracing.
um, nikki, i whispered.
yeah, bestie with the chestie.
there a creeper on your six.
is it grady.
he pretended to put some mail in the cubicle across from my office.
the unoccupied cubicle.
yeah.
squeeze my ass.
give him something to dream about.
seriously.
do it, she urged into my ear.
fine.
i reached down and squeezed her butt.
grady eyes widened and he hurried away, his dick likely pushing the cart for him.
he gone.
i pulled away from her and shook my head.
you are insane.
you loved it, slut.
she gave me a peck on the cheek and hopped off my desk.
i will see you later.
i need to work on my article for the next edition.
oh, no.
what did tessa assign you this time.
this one may be my all time fave assignment.
it is supposed to be about the new cultural norm of girl on girl action amongst teens.
i sank into my chair and cocked my head to the side.
i am pretty sure our readers parents will not find that to be a cultural norm.
she laughed.
i told tessa it was all the rage.
she believed me.
so now i am thinking of calling my piece dancing the clitterbug.
you like it.
i pinched the bridge of my nose.
out, you beautiful, insane woman, you.
i have a baseball player to apologize to.
hop on down the bunny trail.
i will let you know how it goes.
tell easton i said hi.
she blew me a kiss and disappeared out my door.
i reached for my cell phone, but my desk phone rang before i could pick it up.
the number popped up on my phone digital screen, and i recognized it.
style and substance.
i squealed and then forced myself to affect a nonchalant tone.
hello, this is kyrie.
please hold for ms.
froggart, a woman voice chirped into my ear before the line went silent.
i shot up, stretching my phone cord to a perilous degree, and slammed my door closed.
once i sat back down, the line clicked.
ms.
kent.
a woman voice, thin and high.
graciela froggart, the editor in chief of style and substance.
this is she.
i tried to keep my tone even, despite my ears getting hot and my hands turning cold as ice.
nerves.
i am calling about your resume and writing samples.
i will just cut to the chase.
your resume is perfect, your credentials spot on, and your last piece on this pop sensation justin what is his name was mechanically excellent.
my heart swelled at her words, but it was tempered by the feeling that a but would be located at the end of her sentence.
right on cue, she added, but, your writings lack a certain je ne sais quoi.
her french was heavily accented, probably perfect, and i was totally screwed.
i am not sure what she continued as if i had not spoken.
though i was not impressed with the heart of your writing thus far, i see talent.
i want talent on my team.
but, a diamond in the rough is still rough and nowhere near as valuable as a polished, glittering gem.
do you understand what i am saying.
maybe.
yes.
good.
i expect a new, multifaceted piece from you within two weeks.
thank you the line went dead.
i dropped the phone into the cradle and stuffed my freezing hands under my arms.
i turned her words over in my mind like a coin heart, multifaceted piece.
the justin piece, and all my other pieces for teen sparkle were mostly fluff, but i never thought they lacked heart.
then again, i had not taken the fluff pieces seriously, only doing what i needed to in order to please tessa.
god.
i pulled out my hands and covered my face.
had i sabotaged myself by dreaming at the style and substance level but not following through at the teen sparkle level.
i already knew the answer.
yes.
i sat for several minutes, running through my options.
i did not have many, and i was certain an article on the reality tv stars of l.a.
id been assigned was not going to pass muster with graciela froggart.
i would need to write something else, something that would catch her interest.
all i had to do was figure out what that something else was.
i took a deep breath and picked up my cell phone.
i needed time to think about how to impress graciela, but there was something i could do right then that would smooth over another area of my life.
i ran my thumbs along the screen.
i am sorry for judging you the way i did.
can i make it up to you with dinner at sal antonio.
tonight.
meet you there at eight.
after i hit send, i rested my chin on my crossed forearms and stared at my phone.
easton was probably at practice.
maybe he was doing laundry.
perhaps he was with his sister at a doctor appointment, or saving orphans, or putting out a fire on a school bus doing anything but ignoring my text the way id been ignoring his.
my phone pinged and i snatched it up, but it was only a message from nikki asking if id talked to him yet.
disappointed, i texted her back in the negative and put my phone back into the staring at it like a psycho position.
minutes ticked by and i sat up, resigned to do some work for the day, though i glanced to my phone every few seconds.
i had to set up my travel plans to the west coast.
i logged into my travel account and was checking flight information when the ping sounded again.
my heart leapt into my throat as i grabbed my phone and swiped across the screen.
a message from easton.
see you at.
it was not a lot, but it was something, and i would take it.
i called over to nikki office.
i am meeting him at eight.
what should i wear.
something from my closet.
something red.
something i might be able to fit something from your closet around one of my legs.
try again.
always rubbing those big tits in my face, are not you.
hang on.
i am going to write that line down for my clitterbug piece.
nikki.
this is serious, i hissed.
she popped her gum in my ear.
okay then, miss serious.
i have an idea.
oh no.
that is never a good thing.
this time it is.
we will go shopping and find the perfect dress.
i will swing by your office at four, and we will sneak out.
i do not know if that is a good idea.
i examined the long list of unread emails in my inbox.
do not worry.
i will tell tessa we are going to interview some teen trysexuals.
what the hell is a trysexual.
is not it obvious.
she made a pfft noise.
a girl who will try anything once.
where the hell do you even come up with this stuff.
i was genuinely amazed at her abilities.
i have a very particular set of skills.
she gave her best liam neeson imitation accent and all.
i will see you at four.
i do not know who you are.
i do not know what you want.
but i will find you.
and i will lick you.
click.
i snorted.
nikki.
yeah.
when you say click, it does not really have the same flair as if youd actually hung up the ph click.
she probably heard my laughter from across the office.
easton fuck yes.
i read kyrie text at least four times in a row.
hey man, are not you right here, son.
i held my fist out for the kid at the drive thru window.
someone needed to celebrate this shit with me.
he grinned wide and gave me a fist bump.
you are easton holliday, right.
my food rattled around in the paper bag because his hand was shaking so damn much.
yeah man.
hey, question.
so this chick has been ignoring me because well, not to get too specific, but she found out i used to kind of play the field if you know what i mean.
she blew me off for days and not in a good way.
she finally texted me and said shed go on a date.
what should i say to her.
i took my drink and bag of food before he strangled it to death, then stared back at him.
umm he paused for a good ten seconds.
a car honked behind me.
i leaned out the window.
hey, i got serious shit going on up here.
wait a minute.
i turned back to the kid.
id never felt this way in my life and i did not want to fuck it up.
well.
seems like, maybe you should umm, send her something so you at least set the date.
right.
yes.
yes.
that is good.
i nodded.
another horn honked, longer this time.
i stuck my head out the window once more.
look bitch, i will get you free tickets to the game thursday.
just call the front office and tell them you are the asshole with the horn.
they will be waiting at will call.
seems like maybe you should, i do not know, say the bare minimum until you know exactly what you want to tell her.
he looked like he might faint.
you are a pretty sharp kid.
i like it.
thanks, man.
no problem, mr.
holliday, sir.
huge fan.
i am sure i will tell this story the rest of my life.
but, i think these people are going to murder us if you do not let them get their food.
he motioned to the line now wrapping around the building.
got it, chief.
you want tickets to the game thursday.
hell yes.
what is your name.
mitch mitchell.
hah.
seriously.
yes sir.
you a drummer.
no.
but nobody ever catches on to that.
the kid grinned again and a horn went off.
fuckers.
anyway, they will be at will call, mitch.
i will try and come say hi after.
i sped off before the fast food line turned into a steel cage match.
picking up my phone, i swiped the screen and read her message one more time.
a tingling sensation radiated from my face and ended in my stomach.
say the bare minimum.
just like mitch told you.
mitch is wise.
see you at.
all at once, my predicament hit me.
what am i going to wear.
what am i going to say.
i knew the conversation would not be light and flirty.
kyrie would ask me tough questions and want reasonable explanations.
i need kasey.
despite the fact that my sister told filthier jokes than andrew dice clay, underneath her layers was a real girl, and i needed her to channel that bitch as soon as possible to provide me with some sage advice.
look easton, if she starts hassling you about your past, just lick on her clit a little.
it is the easiest way out of a difficult conversation.
she stood in the middle of my bedroom while i rifled through my closet like a mad man and searched for something to wear.
will you quit fucking around.
i am serious.
i need girl kasey.
not bro kasey.
i grabbed a long sleeved light blue button down and stared at it, then slung it against the wall of my closet.
not good enough.
it fell into a pile of at least ten other shirts still on hangers.
fine, asshole.
make me be a chick.
you owe me one, buddy.
she tapped her chin.
what would a girl that loves baseball dick now, but used to hate it, but loved it before she hated it what would she want.
she shook her head.
it is a toughie.
shirts flew against the wall faster every time kasey spoke, and i was starting to sweat.
you are out of control, big bro.
you need to relax.
i will not mention an asian massage parlor, because i am being a lady of manners right now.
but the first thing id do if i was you was release some of that tension.
you really want to make a jerk off motion with your hand right now, do not you.
can i.
please.
she begged.
no.
i shook my head and grinned.
her hand trembled in anticipation against her leg.
such a dick.
she frowned.
fine.
go on.
i could not even get the words before she jerked off in the air and threw the imaginary semen at me like shed puffed a jizz cloud.
god, if i had a dick i would beat off non stop.
id slap stuff with it all the time.
sneak up on people and rest it on their shoulder like it was business as usual.
and coming on titties.
fuck.
id do just about anything to jackson pollock a pair of flop rockets.
that is the dream right there.
jesus christ, kasey.
focus.
okay, okay.
i am a girl.
i am kyrie, what do i want.
she folded her arms.
i want honesty.
i am a straight shooter, no bullshit.
if i am kyrie, i gather information and then make informed decisions after looking at it from all angles.
that is actually helpful.
i stopped rummaging for an outfit.
thanks for acting all surprised, prick.
kasey ran a finger over my entertainment center and inspected it.
she was a neat freak.
well, she was when she was not fucked up on pain pills.
you know i did not mean it like that.
wait.
kasey eyes glanced up to the ceiling and then back to me.
what.
well, it is just, i am also an editor.
that means i am all literary and artsy and shit.
not to mention we are delving into the realms of love and feels.
she made a gagging noise.
i glared at her.
sorry.
i am still getting into character.
it is a process.
she was not really all that rational using her past experience to judge you.
look, easton.
do you like this girl.
do you want a relationship with her.
these are the clinger questions you need to ask yourself.
easy.
yes and yes.
i fumbled through shoes.
maybe if i picked out the right pair of shoes itd help me choose the rest of my outfit.
i grabbed a pair and looked at kasey.
those say i want to let braden fuck me tonight.
throw them away.
she chortled at her joke.
dating is hard.
i ran a hand through my hair.
easton.
kasey stared at me.
i glanced back at her.
yeah.
do you love her.
i looked away far too quickly.
tell her the truth then.
i walked over and hugged kasey, despite her protest.
she patted me awkwardly on the back.
thanks, i whispered.
yeah yeah.
as much as i love watching you sweat like a bitch, let is find you something to wear.
that light blue shirt would have been great, but now it is in a pile.
good thing you own like five of them, you fucking woman.
she sidestepped the pile of clothes id hurled into the floor and handed me a pair of medium gray slacks, another light blue button down, and a navy blazer.
thanks again.
she waved a flippant hand in the air and walked toward the door.
hey kase.
she stopped in the doorway.
yeah.
you gonna be here tonight.
in case, well i will make myself scarce, no worries.
get your dick wet, kid.
she disappeared into the hall.
sal antonio sat off a main thoroughfare in the middle of downtown a few blocks from the stadium.
the place was abuzz as i drove past and turned into the parking lot.
the architecture in this part of town was over a hundred years old and full of character.
red brick walls and large glass windows framed the entrances of the buildings.
crowds of people surged down both sides of the street.
i stood head and shoulders above most of them and worked my way toward the front of the restaurant.
a few heads turned, staring at me.
whispers faded when they passed, and the smell of fresh roasted garlic and basil wafted past my nose.
a large set of wooden double doors graced the entrance, and sal antonio was chiseled in the granite overhead.
when i walked through, my shoes squeaked on the white marble floors as i strode toward the host stand.
a short man with dark hair in a sharp looking suit rounded the corner and froze, then walked over to greet me.
mr.
holliday, pleasure to have you here, sir.
my son is a huge fan.
he held out a hand.
i returned his gesture.
thanks, i have a reservation for eight.
should be under easton or kyrie.
excellent, sir.
he walked behind the podium where a young girl stood and talked to people on a headset while sorting menus.
he looked back up to me.
yes, i have you right here.
glancing around, i noticed a huge bar with granite countertops off to the left in the shape of a horseshoe.
white linens ran to the floor of all the tables with unlit candles in the middle.
crystal wine glasses and fine silverware rounded out each place setting.
the high ceilings arched up to form a dome in the center and were painted with murals that looked like something from the sistine chapel.
follow me, mr.
holliday.
you are a little early but i have a spot for you.
he gave me a slight nudge.
i put you back in the corner to try and give you some privacy.
i appreciate that.
this is an important dinner.
i tugged at my collar while people glanced as we passed.
i will make sure you are taken care of.
if you have problems, just ask for sal.
he beamed with pride at the sound of his name.
oh, this is your place.
yes, sir.
i have never been, but i have been meaning to try it out.
it is really nice.
thank you, sir.
ah, here we are.
he waved an arm to display the table.
it was still fairly close to the others, but was definitely the most secluded in the place that i could see.
it looks great.
thanks, sal.
i took a seat as he placed a menu in front of me and one for kyrie across the table.
hey, i am meeting someone i realized he must have known that since he put an extra menu down.
i will take care of it, mr.
holliday.
he picked up the unlit glass candle, pulled a fancy lighter from his pocket, and made a show of lighting it.
he set it back down in the middle.
you prefer privacy during your dinner, right sir.
yes, please.
i will instruct marco to keep his distance unless you call him over.
he my best server.
that would be awesome.
my pleasure.
enjoy your meal, mr.
holliday.
he turned on his heel and started to walk off.
hey, sal.
sal whipped back around and stood at attention.
yes sir.
you said your son a fan.
what is his name.
sal junior, sir.
short for salvatore.
i pulled a baseball card from my pocket and a pen.
they always came in handy, and i hated not having something to sign any time a kid walked up and asked for an autograph.
it was my dad suggestion, though it was not really a suggestion at all.
do not you forget where you came from and how you idolized your favorite players, hed always say.
i did not know how the fuck to spell salvatore so i scribbled to sal, all the best, easton holliday.
will you give this to him for me.
i held out the card.
sal took the card and shook my hand once more.
thank you again, mr.
holliday.
he will love this.
no problem.
and call me easton, please.
i stuck the pen back in my pocket.
yes sir, mr.
easton.
he turned and strode away.
i chuckled then glanced to my phone.
it was p.m.
each second that ticked away left my palms sweatier than the last.
waiting like this was what i did for a living in the bullpen, but waiting for kyrie was a whole different ballgame.
from the table, i had a decent view to the front of the restaurant.
time seemed to crawl as eight approached, and the seconds seemed like hours.
marco brought me a glass of water and i took a sip.
eight passed, and my stomach was officially twisted in knots.
my plan was to take a sip of water before she got to the table, so it seemed like that was why my hands were clammy.
good one, easton.
when i glanced to my phone and it read p.m., my leg grew restless under the table.
sweat beads formed on my forehead, and i peeled off my blazer and started to drape it over the back of my chair when marco swooped in out of nowhere and took it for me.
at seven past eight i rolled my sleeves halfway up my forearms.
the whole time i kept my eyes trained on the door, only straying to check the time.
my fingers drummed on the table, loud enough that i caught someone staring and stopped.
ten after eight and panic started to rise in me.
i had no new messages and kyrie was always punctual.
i should have sent her a longer message.
i am going to kill that fucking dick bag from the drive thru.
i heard a ruckus up front as a crowd of people showed up and i could not see a thing.
fuck.
i fought the urge to scream at them to get out of the way.
sal walked over and chatted with someone in the middle of the pack.
it must have been a large party of some kind.
there was a section of tables across the restaurant pushed together that sat empty.
sal disappeared into the crowd and then quickly reappeared at the front.
he glanced over to me and winked, then ushered the large group over toward the tables.
why was he winking at me.
i figured it was just him being friendly.
as they cleared, i caught glimpse of a pair of robin egg blue heels, attached to a pair of long legs.
i moved my gaze up to her light yellow summer dress wrapped in a white cardigan.
then i saw kyrie face as she craned her neck and scanned the room.
my breath hitched and all the heat in my face was replaced with a strange tingling sensation.
sal bolted back to the entrance and greeted her, smiled, and then nodded over to our table.
i started to raise my hand to wave, and stopped halfway, afraid i might be sporting some full moon pit stains.
she followed sal, her green eyes locked onto mine, brown hair curled in long waves that bounced around her shoulders.
when they made it halfway to the table i stood and got a new view of the most beautiful woman id ever seen.
her smile was electric, shocking all my senses at once and i noticed she was not wearing near as much makeup as the first time we met.
she was perfect.
mr.
easton, this lady says she here to meet you.
if she had not told me that i might have tried to have dinner with her myself.
i appreciate your self control, sal.
you are a stand up guy.
i did not move my eyes from her face, and i never wanted to.
sal pulled out kyrie chair as we stood in front of one another.
enjoy your meal, mr.
easton.
he smiled and walked away at a brisk pace.
she stood a few feet away and stared, a shy grin fixed on her face.
hi.
she gave a slight shrug.
hi.
i could not stop staring at her.
it was like a dream i sometimes had where i was frozen stiff, unable to move or speak.
finally, i broke out of my trance.
you want to sit down.
i motioned to the table.
we probably should.
she started to twirl one of her long curls around her finger and stopped herself.
i nodded at marco as we sat.
he brought over a bottle of wine id already picked out.
i do not know if i should drink, easton.
remember last time.
fuck.
i should have consulted kase on the wine situation.
i waved marco back over.
what are you doing.
i am not ready to order.
her head canted slightly.
i am having him throw the wine out.
her hand went to the bottle before marco could take it away.
let is not be hasty.
i said i did not know if i should.
she grinned.
okay.
marco left the bottle on the table.
sorry to run you back and forth, marco.
false alarm.
it is not a problem, sir.
he walked back toward the kitchen.
so.
i locked on to kyrie face and examined all the details of her pink lips, glowing cheeks, exposed neck.
her tits were pushed up slightly in the dress and it was cut just low enough to make my dick grow against my zipper.
i tried not to stare.
sorry about the short reply after all my texts and voicemails.
it kind of worried me.
i know.
i just you had agreed to give me a chance, and i i did not want to screw it up before i got to see you.
i did not want to say the wrong thing.
she exhaled a huge sigh.
i thought id waited too long and you were only agreeing to meet with me so you could tell me to kick rocks.
i could not even process the thought of telling her i never wanted to see her again.
my mouth was incapable of uttering those words.
i could never do that, kyrie.
ever since i first saw you you are all i think about when i am not with you.
i brushed my palms down my slacks.
her face turned a light pink and her lips started to curl up at the corners.
then it ceased.
easton, i am sorry for not being fair to you.
i truly am.
and i am sure you got more information than you needed out of nikki, because she loves you to death.
but oh no.
i braced for her words to cut me, deep.
those pictures, and all the girls.
it still does not sit well.
that is not your fault, and maybe i just need some time to get past it.
but i was engaged to a baseball player for the ravens.
he was traded, but not before he broke my heart.
she looked down at her empty plate, the first time shed broken eye contact with me.
i am sorry.
what else could i say.
i planned to find out who the guy was, gut him, and impale him on the foul pole for the world to see.
but i could not tell kyrie that.
you did not deserve to be treated that way.
i was not going to press her for his name.
not yet.
it is fine, easton.
i thought i was hung up on the guy still.
but nik helped me realize, that, well, i was over him when i saw you.
my heart sped faster with each word she spoke.
i reached out for her hands and held them on each side of the candle.
i promise, i was just single and being a dumb kid in those photos.
it was stupid to be so careless, i realize that now.
but, i never expected to meet you.
i caressed her warm skin with my thumbs, back and forth as she leaned in closer over the table, my words drawing her nearer to me.
her tits strained slightly against the neckline of her dress and my hands on her skin had my cock threatening to burst out of my pants.
i am sorry, easton.
i i swore off of baseball players after that.
hated them in fact.
but you are changing my mind.
slowly but surely.
i put my elbows on the table and leaned on them, then lifted her left hand up, kissed the back of it, and pressed it to my cheek.
her eyes shut for a moment, and i hoped she felt the same bit of euphoria i did whenever we touched.
her eyes slowly opened, and she batted her eyelashes.
kyrie.
my voice was raspy, full of more emotion than i even knew i had.
yeah.
i just want to be with you.
she flipped her palm over and slid it up my cheek and then back down, holding my gaze.
then take me.
i am yours.
kyrie my back slammed into the wall next to easton apartment door.
his hands roved my body, his mouth crushing mine in a kiss that seared a trail down my body to my pussy.
fuck.
he gripped my wrists and pinned them to the wall next to my head, his mouth tracing down my neck as he wedged his knee between my thighs.
biting my throat, he began to rub his thigh against my pussy, making me moan loud and low.
easton, your neighbors.
i gasped as he squeezed my wrists harder and kissed to the swells of my breasts.
fuck the neighbors.
he licked the top of the left one, and i arched my back from the wall.
i closed my eyes as he licked the other breast before darting his tongue between them.
all the while, he worked my pussy with his leg until i could not help but to grind on him, the need building to a fever pitch.
when he ran his teeth across my hard nipple through the fabric of my dress, i cried out.
he released one wrist and clapped his hand over my mouth as he bit down harder.
i moaned into his palm and writhed against his leg.
moving to my other breast, he teased at my nipple, his mouth wetting my dress and his teeth clamping down as i became a slave to every sensation he sent careening through me.
he pulled back and stared into my eyes, his cheeks flushed and his eyes half hooded.
his brown hair shot up every which way thanks to me running my hands through it during our make out session in his truck.
he looked like sex.
a tingle shot down my spine.
he caged my throat with one hand as he dug in his pocket with the other.
it was odd, possessive, and made my panties combust.
ramming his key into the lock, he turned it with a quick movement and gripped my forearm pulling me inside.
he slammed the door behind us and ran his hands to my ass, lifting me and pressing my back into the door.
his hard cock rubbed against my pussy, and i let out a cry of surprise when he grabbed a fistful of my hair and yanked my head to the side.
my heels tumbled to the floor, the only sound in the apartment other than our breath and our bodies.
his mouth on my neck had me clawing at his thick shoulders, but he did not let up, only kissed and sucked until all i could think about was him inside me.
he moved his hips against me, his cock stroking me as his mouth mastered every inch of bare flesh on my neck and chest.
i need this off.
now.
he stood me up and started pulling at the hem of my dress.
i shed my cardigan and tossed it onto his couch as he pulled my dress up.
i held up my arms and he peeled it off me.
i only wore a pair of lacy white panties underneath.
jesus.
his hands went back to my ass, and he lifted me so i straddled him as he strode down the hallway toward his bedroom.
i could not get enough of his mouth, his tongue wicked with each stroke and tease.
he set me down on his bed.
i did not even glance around.
i could not take my eyes off him.
he made quick work of his button down, tossing it the floor.
his muscles were well defined, his upper arms thick and his abs rippling.
i licked my lips and let my gaze fall to the bulge in his pants.
i want to see it.
you will do more than see it, kyrie.
he unbuckled his belt, undid the clasp, and pulled down his zipper.
he shucked his pants and stood, his cock thick and long, the tip straining up toward his stomach.
get on your knees.
i stared up at him.
i had not done this in a long time, and id never had so much to work with.
even so, my pussy grew even wetter at the sight of his hard length.
i am not sure kyrie.
he reached out and grabbed my left hand before placing it on his shaft.
i instinctively squeezed, and his hips surged toward me.
i need your mouth on me.
so get on your knees.
his words were a rasp, deep and gravelly as his eyes held me captive.
no one had ever taken control like this, and it excited me to an alarming degree.
i slid down to my knees, my hand still around him.
that is it.
he ran his fingers through my hair and clenched close to my scalp, little tingles of pain radiating through me and making my pussy ache.
i tilted my head like i was staring at a too big ice cream cone and could not quite figure out how to eat the whole thing.
i moved closer and exhaled on his head.
he gripped me tighter, so i pulled it all the way down to my mouth, licking the head while staring up at him to gauge his reaction.
fuck.
his head fell back.
a slight salty taste had me licking him again.
his hips jerked toward my mouth, so i opened and took him in, sliding his head along my tongue.
that is it.
he pulled me closer, pushing his cock deeper in my mouth as i licked along the underside of his shaft.
emboldened by his response, i began nodding my head, rubbing the tip of his cock along the roof of my mouth with steadily increasing pressure.
his hips moved to my pace until he was fucking my face, his hands tangled in my hair as he groaned and stared down at me.
my pussy pulsed with my heartbeat, and i desperately wanted to feel him against me, inside me.
so good, kyrie.
your mouth, jesus.
he moved his hips away and, in one smooth movement, gripped me under my arms and tossed me on the bed.
he crawled on top of me, running his tongue from my navel to my breast, before getting on his knees between my thighs.
i hope you did not like these.
he gripped my panties on either side and ripped, the fabric tearing easily under his hands.
easton.
i bit my lip as i took in his amazing body.
but it had always been his eyes that captivated me the most.
the blue seemed even deeper now, the sparkle devilish.
he ran his hands along the outsides of my breasts, down the soft curve of my sides to my waist and then to the flare of my hips.
fucking perfect.
when his eyes stopped on my pussy, i squirmed.
placing his hands on the inside of my thighs he spread me wider, until i was completely open to him, vulnerable.
he bent his head down to my pussy, his breath an exquisite tease along my hot flesh.
tell me what you want.
he smoothed his hands up my stomach to my breasts, palming them and running his thumbs over my nipples.
what do you want me to do to this sweet pussy.
mmm.
i lifted my hips to him, but he backed away.
tease.
i want to hear you say it.
his breath was maddening.
i want you to lick me, i said on a pant.
he gave me one long, slow lick from entrance to clit as he squeezed my breasts.
i moaned and ran my fingers through his hair.
but then he stopped.
tell me what you really want me to do to you.
his eyes locked onto mine.
i pulled his hair and tried to lift my hips again, but he held steady.
his thumbs moved back and forth over my nipples, sending an electric current from them to my pussy.
oh, god, easton, i i want you to eat my pussy.
fuck me.
make me come.
just, please my plea ended on a moan as he dove down, fastening his lips around my clit and sucking as his tongue flicked.
my hips made small movements, grinding my pussy into his face as he groaned and concentrated on that one bundle of nerves that called all the shots.
i tensed, my legs spreading even wider as my orgasm approached faster than one of easton pitches.
he moved his hands so that he pinched my nipples between his thumb and index finger.
he bore down hard.
it should have hurt.
instead, it shot me higher and my body clenched.
my clit exploded in sparks of pleasure as i gasped and arched my back.
my orgasm came in waves, my pussy squeezing and my entire body tensing as the bliss washed over me again and again.
i moaned, a desperate sound that rolled along with the rise and fall of each surge of release.
when i finally relaxed into the bed, i was covered in a fine sheen of sweat.
he kissed my pussy before climbing on top of me.
i was boneless, destroyed by his mouth, the same one he now pressed to mine.
i tasted myself on him as he licked my lips and caressed my tongue, his hunger palpable.
his cock was rock hard against my swollen flesh, and i rocked my hips against him, wanting him deep inside.
he pulled back and placed his hands on my cheeks, just staring down at me.
you are so beautiful it almost hurts to look at you.
my heart, the same one id kept under lock and key for so long, was out of its cage and in grave danger of getting snagged by this man.
and, instead of fear, i felt free.
i craned my head up and kissed him, gently at first and then more desperately.
running my hands to his ass, i dug my nails in.
you ready.
he said against my mouth.
yes.
i will try and go easy.
he rested his forehead on mine.
do not.
i want all of you.
i need it.
he moved his hips down so his tip was at my entrance.
you are sure.
i have never been more sure.
i held his eyes as he pushed inside me.
a quick sting of pain at the sudden intrusion and then pleasure as he eased inside my slick walls.
i wrapped my hands around his neck, clinging to him as he pulled out and then pushed the rest of the way inside me.
he groaned and dropped his head into the crook of my neck.
you are like a fucking vise.
he pulled out and shoved in faster.
fuck.
are you okay.
i am fine.
i was more than fine.
i moved my hips, sliding back and forth on his cock.
do not hold back.
i will not.
he gripped my hair and started a hard rhythm, his hips slapping my thighs as he sucked on my jugular.
i held onto him, digging my nails into his back as each thrust hit my spot.
the bed shook and my moans grew louder.
he moved one arm under my back and wrapped his fingers around my shoulder, pulling me down onto his cock with each intense stroke.
i dug my heels into his lower back, feeling every bit of friction from his body as he surged inside me.
i have to see you.
he sat back on his knees and gripped my hips, lifting me to him as his eyes devoured my body.
my breasts shook with his thrusts and i gripped his duvet.
the slapping sound of skin on skin only turned me on more, along with his grunts.
his eyes lingered at where our bodies joined and he slowed, pulling out to his tip and then sliding in.
do not stop.
this is so fucking hot, watching you take every inch.
he pulled out again and eased inside.
harder, i begged.
harder.
he smirked.
yes.
he licked his thumb and pressed it to my clit as he restarted his punishing pace.
you like it rough, baby.
yes.
i reached up and braced myself against the wood headboard.
he gripped one of my legs behind my knee and opened me wider.
swirling his thumb around my clit, he locked his eyes on mine.
easton.
i could not catch my breath.
he pressed harder on my clit, dragging his thumb back and forth across it as he watched me, measuring every reaction.
oh, god, i am close.
my pussy tightened around him, my walls trying to hold him prisoner.
that is right.
come on my dick.
his command sent me to a whole new level of hot.
please come.
on.
my.
dick.
he emphasized each word with increasingly harder thrusts.
i stretched my arms, locking them against the headboard, until i was shoving down onto his cock even more.
he dug his fingers into my thigh.
fucking hell.
now come for me.
dirty talk was my weakness.
my eyes rolled back in my head and i came in a rush.
easton turned me into a screamer, because all i could do was cry his name as my body stiffened and my pussy spasmed around his cock.
he kept fucking me in short, strong movements, but he groaned and tensed.
fuck, kyrie.
i can not he pulled out as my orgasm began to subside.
i looked down as he gripped his cock and shot hot streaks of come all over my pussy and stomach.
i could finally breathe again and my lower back made contact with the bed.
his cock pulsed a few more times and then he let out a labored breath.
goddamn.
he grinned up at me, his hair stuck to his sweaty forehead.
you okay.
i am perfect.
he leaned over and kissed me.
i know you are.
then he got up and hurried to the bathroom before coming back and cleaning me up.
i shook my wrists out as he slid into bed.
hurt.
he took my hands and turned them over, kissing the insides of my wrists.
i have wraps and all kinds of stuff.
he moved to get up but i grabbed his arm.
i am fine.
i just tensed when i when you came.
he flashed a smile and lay on his back, pulling me into his side.
yeah.
so you are shy now, but you loved it when you were coming on my cock and screaming my name.
my cheeks heated, and i tried to push away from him.
no, it is hot.
i love it.
he kissed my forehead and pulled me in closer so i rested my head on his chest.
i listened to the steady thump of his heart, smelled his skin, felt the hard ridges of his abs.
my eyes began to drift closed.
but what if he did not want me to stay.
the thought was mortifying.
i should go.
i hated the words as they rolled off my tongue.
his arm flexed against my back.
no, you should not.
i have work in the morning.
you are not going anywhere.
this is where you stay.
he nuzzled into my hair.
please.
i sighed.
no one could resist his post sex voice, not when he was asking so sweetly.
okay, but i have to be up by seven.
i have work.
seven, right.
got it.
his voice softened and he relaxed his arm.
i mean it.
right.
he kissed my forehead again and grabbed his phone.
i watched as he set an alarm with one hand.
he set it for six and tossed it back to his nightstand.
i said seven.
i know.
that extra hour is for my breakfast in bed.
he smirked.
good news for you.
all you have to do is spread your legs.
a tingle went up my spine at his words.
i sputtered and tried to turn and glare at him.
but he kept me pressed against his chest.
easton.
i nipped at his skin and he laughed.
what.
his voice was a deep rumble against my ear.
nothing.
i settled back against him, a smile stealing across my lips.
see you at six.
kyrie i have to go.
i laughed and tried dash out of bed.
he caught me and tossed me back down before crawling on top of me and stealing my breath away with one of his amazing kisses.
wed been doing this for almost a week.
id meet him after work or after a game, wed eat, then wed wear each other out in bed.
id only slept alone two of the past five nights, and that was because easton had to travel one state over to play.
wed still skyped, and i got a thrill out of doing exactly what he told me, touching myself and imagining it was him.
now that he was back, we could not get enough of each other.
just stay for a little while longer.
i want to see if i can make you reach that really high pitch again, the one that almost breaks glass.
i ran my fingers through his hair and grinned at him.
i was faking it.
he arched his brows.
yeah.
i schooled my face into the most serious expression i had.
yep.
every time.
totally faking.
even that time when i ate your pussy in the bathroom at sal and your legs shook so bad i had to hold you up.
heat rushed through me at the memory of him kneeling, one of my legs over his shoulder and his tongue buried inside me.
yeah, totally a put on.
you fell for it.
i bet you feel foolish as all hell right no he claimed my mouth again and surged forward with his hips, his hard cock rubbing against my clit.
i broke the kiss and tried to wriggle out from under him.
i can not, not again.
i am going to be late and walking like i belong at the ok corral.
you should not be late.
i did not blow inside you.
he smirked and pinned my wrists above me.
oh yeah, yeah i did.
lots of times.
thank god for the pill.
you are such a dick.
he angled his cock at my entrance.
you want my dick.
that is what i heard.
easton he plunged inside me and i moaned at the burst of pressure and heat.
did i mishear you.
he nibbled at my neck as he fucked me in a casual rhythm.
yes, i breathed even as tension coiled in my stomach.
he bit and then sucked the spot where my shoulder and neck meet, all the while speeding his pace.
you sure i misheard.
he laughed against my skin.
tell the truth.
he stayed deep inside me, pulsing his body against mine to get the perfect friction on my clit.
he already knew what i liked, what my body needed.
so, did i mishear.
i bit my lip as he kissed down to my breast.
no.
did not think so.
he let go of my wrists and ran one arm under my back, lifting me slightly and leveraging me into his strokes.
i clawed at his back and wrapped my legs around him, keeping him deep and hitting all the right spots.
my tension ramped up as he moved his forearm down to my lower back, arching me into him as he took one of my nipples into his mouth.
pressing my feet into his calves, i worked with his deep, steady pace, lifting my hips to the rhythm.
the movement pushed me closer to the edge.
grind on me, baby.
fuck, i love it when you do that.
his voice was just as big of a turn on as his body, masculine and rough.
my hips made smaller and smaller movements as he concentrated his strokes on hitting my spot.
easton, i am going to come.
it was a breathy whisper.
i want to feel it.
milk my cock with your tight pussy.
his dirty words sent me plummeting into my orgasm.
as soon as i started to come, he began thrusting harder, his cock rock hard and squeezing between my slick walls.
i cooed his name on a loop as he pressed his forehead to mine.
fuck, he bit out and kissed me hard as his hips slowed into deep, steady thrusts and he groaned his climax into my mouth.
he thrusted a few more times before breaking our kiss and taking in a gulp of air.
i pushed the longer strands of hair off his forehead and stared into his deep blue eyes.
a grin spread across his handsome face, the dimples making an appearance.
now you can go to work.
so, what is your plan.
nikki stripped her skirt and top off, opting for a baby tee in team colors and shorts so tight they may have been criminal.
i am not sure.
i do not know what to write about.
i mean, i know graciela does not want what i usually write for teen sparkle.
i started a piece on the shift from the structural look of last winter to the more whimsical feel of the most recent shows, but it is not good enough.
i need to go to an actual runway show to really get the heart of that idea.
so i chunked it.
i dug around in my drawers, looking for my light pink eyelet skirt.
i found it and pulled it out before shimmying it up to my hips.
the hem fell right above my knees, and i paired it with some wedges and a white v neck top.
what are you going to do.
nikki walked into my bathroom and helped herself to my makeup.
maybe you could write about something other than specific fashions.
they have that gossip column in the back, sometimes they have ridiculous sex stories, and then their little love and relationship articles.
what about something more human interest like those.
she poked herself in the eye with my mascara.
fuck.
that stings.
i laughed before joining her in the mirror and freshening up.
it will come to me.
instead of spending my days at work actually working, id been racking my brain trying to figure out what sort of piece i needed to impress graciela.
i did not have the luxury of time, but i did not want to go down the wrong path and wind up turning in something that got me nowhere.
i took a deep breath and blotted my lipstick.
i need to keep thinking about it, getting ideas, reading back issues.
nikki sniffed one of my perfumes, lifted her shirt, and sprayed her pits.
who does that.
i chose another scent and spritzed a small amount between my breasts.
she smirked, her brown eyes frank.
tits or pits does not matter.
as long as we smell as good as we look, we are getting all the dick we can eat tonight.
i laughed and ran my brush through my hair before handing it off to nikki who did the same.
once we were sufficiently primped, we took the short drive to the ballpark.
once again, nikki horrible driving habits had me sweating to the point i reconsidered the whole pit spray idea.
we pulled into the deck, and i shot out of the car, slamming the door behind me.
it was not that bad.
nikki sauntered up and hooked her arm in mine.
i think id rather be driven around by a serial killer than you.
really.
we walked past the deck, through the ticket gate, and up to the concourse.
what if he like, i do not know, had a severed head collection in the back seat.
one, you are sick.
two, it would still be safer.
she snorted a laugh.
i think you are being dramatic.
the ballpark smells hotdogs, popcorn, and cotton candy floated through the air as we joined the river of people entering the stadium.
okay, what if your serial killer chauffeur handed you the lotion and told you to rub it on your skin.
a guy in front of us turned to look at nikki as she used a perfectly creepy falsetto to ask her question.
he gave us a flirty smile and collided with the couple walking in front of him.
we laughed and walked around the pile up.
id take the lotion.
yep, i still prefer the serial killer.
i peeked through the openings in the concourse, staring down at the field and trying to get a glimpse of easton.
okay, okay.
but what if she squeezed my elbow and widened her eyes.
he had a pencil stache.
i laughed.
in that one instance, i would prefer you.
i win.
she grinned and sped her pace toward the stairs leading down to our seats.
the green of the field overwhelmed me for that split second once i entered the stadium proper.
it did not matter how many times i went to the ballpark, it always had the same magic.
we were right behind home plate again, a spot that was quickly becoming one of my favorite places in the world.
watching easton play was a particular thrill.
the way his body moved, the way he was able to focus on something with such intensity, was undeniably impressive.
and when he used that same focus on me.
a shiver went down my spine at the thought.
finding our seats, we sat down and watched the teams warm up.
even from this distance, i could hear braden talking shit to his pitch and catch partner.
he and nikki made a great pair.
i scanned for easton, but he must have been in the bullpen.
i settled in, itching for the game to start.
music filtered over the stadium speakers and a light breeze kicked up, ruffling the emerald green blades of grass in the outfield.
as night fell, the lights came up and everyone stood for the national anthem.
the announcers chattered as the players took the field.
easton would not be up yet.
he was a closer, but i still loved getting glimpses of him in the dugout or the bullpen.
the game was interesting, too.
braden trotted out and gave nikki a small salute by touching his glove to his helmet.
she squealed and wrapped her arm around my shoulders.
is not he hot.
she asked the same question anytime he ran onto the field.
yes.
very hot.
i put as much enthusiasm as i could muster into it, though i had no problem overlooking braden in favor of easton.
i know.
i wonder who up first.
i think graves pitched last game, so he probably resting now.
hare maybe.
nikki went through the starters, trying to figure out who it would be, when a player strutted out from the dugout.
the announcer came over the speaker and belted out the pitcher name.
it washed over me like a winter rain, frigid and draining.
a cold sweat broke out along the back of my neck and my upper lip.
nikki grip on my shoulder tightened and, even though i was sitting, i felt like i was falling.
sean richards.
i said his name, the words unfamiliar on my tongue after two years of disuse.
he back.
sean walked to the mound, the same cocky tilt to his chin that i remembered.
the same dead eyed stare at every batter that came up to the plate.
everything was the same.
i was sitting here, watching him pitch.
i ran my thumb over my ring finger, the phantom of my engagement band still there.
kyrie.
nikki put her hand along my cheek and turned my head toward her.
i got the feeling shed been saying my name for a while.
you okay.
she winced.
i know you are not.
that was dumb of me to ask.
do you want to go.
it is okay.
i can catch up with braden later.
sean ran his fingers through the dirt and gripped the ball.
each movement was familiar.
i had not seen him since that night two years ago, and now here he was, as if the clock had reversed and i was still the same nave idiot that trusted him with my heart.
come on.
let is go.
nikki started to get up.
i grabbed her knee, keeping her in place.
no.
this is my place now.
not his.
he is not running me out of here.
the steel in my voice surprised me, but i meant every word.
i stared as he threw a few warm up pitches to braden.
sean did not glance up at us in the stands.
i could not tell if i wanted him to see me or not.
i tucked my frozen hands under my legs and simply watched.
the other team batter stepped up to the plate and the game finally began.
nikki scooted into my side, ignoring the arm rest between us.
he threw his first pitch, then another, and another.
three strikes.
the crowd warmed to him, their cheers fueling him onward.
i chilled even more, each beat of my heart sending shards of ice splintering in all directions.
a pop fly, caught by braden, and another infield fly, caught by sean, and the inning was over.
sean stepped from the mound and trotted to the dugout, but he threw a look at me over his shoulder.
hed seen me.
i knew it when i saw the smirk twist his lips the same smirk id seen the night id caught him in our bed with another woman.
i slid into the booth and pressed myself against the wall.
the cool paneling of the bar should have been soothing.
instead, i could not concentrate on anything not on the waitress taking our drink order, or the words pouring from nikki lips, or the raucous crowd in the bar celebrating the ravens win.
my heart thumped like a drum in my ears.
god, why did not i take you home.
nikki leaned into me.
no, it is fine.
you sound like mr.
roboto.
it is not fine.
i am here for easton, not sean.
i hated even saying my ex name.
id watched, frozen, as sean pitched the first eight innings before they called in easton.
seeing him take the mound and shoot me a confident smile helped melt some of the ice seeing sean had placed around my heart, but not enough.
when hed come to the net after the game, id been distracted, worried sean would show up and start something.
he never did, but easton had noticed something was off.
to smooth it over, i begged nikki to take me to johnny, the bar frequented by the team after games.
i wanted to see easton, maybe explain to him about sean before it all hit the fan.
sean was not known for his tact.
then again, it had been two years.
maybe hed changed.
the front doors burst open and the team spilled in, laughing and pushing each other as the patrons all stood and cheered their arriving heroes.
the bar was decked out in ravens memorabilia and filled to the brim with people.
nikki waved braden and easton over to where we were seated.
they were freshly showered and dressed in button downs and jeans.
easton slid into the booth next to me and put his arm around me.
i scanned the crowd, checking for sean.
i let out a sigh of relief when i did not see his lanky frame amongst the players.
easton pulled me into his side and put his lips to my ear.
what is it, baby.
i forced a smile.
nothing.
do not worry.
i kissed him, a chaste peck at first, but he turned it into more by refusing to let me go.
his tongue teased at mine before he finally let up.
braden began a slow clap across the table as nikki smiled and took a drink of her beer.
shut up, douche.
easton turned to the waitress and ordered a pitcher.
the front doors swung open again and i could not hold back a curse when i saw sean strut in.
he studied the room, and i tried to shrink back in the booth.
it did not work.
he spotted me and walked to the bar, shooting me glances every few moments as he chatted with his team members.
what.
easton gently grabbed my chin and pulled my head around to face him.
what is going on.
i shook out of his hold.
nothing.
a more truthful answer would be i am coming apart because the man who jilted me two months before i was supposed to marry him is here and eyeing me like he wants to eat me up.
i i just need to go to the bathroom.
that is all.
he put a hand on my cheek, the callouses along his fingers comforting and familiar.
you are white as a sheet.
please tell me what is wrong, kyrie.
did i do something.
his worry pierced me like a needle.
no.
it is not you.
i could feel sean eyes on me and suddenly, i felt trapped.
my chest cramped as if id been running, and i needed air.
i promise.
i have to pee.
my desperation seeped into my voice, but i did not care.
i needed a minute to just think.
okay.
easton stood and helped me up.
his eyebrows were pinched together and i could feel the worry in his eyes.
i will come with.
nikki tried to push braden away.
no.
i am fine.
i turned and hurried through the crush of players and fans.
i nodded at the ones i knew but did not stop to talk.
cutting a wide path around the bar, i entered the back hallway where the restrooms were located.
kyrie.
a familiar voice sounded at my back.
oh, god no.
i stopped and moved to the side as a player and a giggling woman passed by, coming from the men room.
i took a deep breath and turned.
sean looked down at me, his dark green eyes still as beautiful as the day id met him.
he wore jeans and a team t shirt, maybe even one of the same ones from before.
it looked well worn.
what.
my voice shook and i could not stop from clenching my hands.
i just i just saw you at the ballpark and then i saw you with that other guy.
he shrugged, one corner of his mouth turning up in a disarming smile.
i wanted to say hello is all.
he stepped closer.
too close.
he wore the same aftershave, had the same cut to his dark brown hair, even said my name with the same inflection.
i have to go.
i stepped back, but he grabbed my arm.
he was not rough, but he was not letting me go, either.
i just wanted to tell you that you look good.
his eyes dropped to my lips and back up.
and that i have missed you.
i closed my eyes, fighting away tears that should have been spent two years before.
how many times had i wished hed come back and begged forgiveness, told me he loved me, told me he missed me.
what a fool id been for even considering forgiving someone whod never seen fit to ask for forgiveness in the first place.
let go.
i opened my eyes and tried to pull my arm from his grip to no avail.
kyrie, come on.
he stepped closer.
why are you with that easton asshole.
he not an asshole.
he ran his other hand down my arm and stared into my eyes.
i want to try it again.
i came back for you.
my mind reeled and i could only stare up at him.
he took the opportunity and closed the gap with a kiss.
he gripped my waist, pulling me into him as he crushed his mouth into mine.
i shoved at his chest, but he held me tight.
you, motherfucker.
a guttural yell rang out, and sean was ripped away from me.
easton i should have gone with her.
nikki rapped her nails on the table in rapid fire succession.
the incessant sound put my teeth on edge.
chicks.
braden shrugged.
it is like separating twins if they do not go listen to each other pee.
he chuckled at his joke.
i grinned at both of them across the table, but nikki eyes were fixed in kyrie direction.
turning in my chair, id expected a view of kyrie ass as she strode away.
i got just a peek before she wove through the crowd to the back hallway.
oh, no.
shit.
nikki voice was a mumble.
what.
i raised an eyebrow at her.
she grimaced and kept her eyes trained on the back hallway.
i followed her gaze and saw a flash of kyrie dark hair as she walked in and then what looked like the new pitcher following behind her.
nikki started shoving at braden, trying to get him out of the booth so she could get up.
what the fuck is going on.
a wave of nerves ripped through my stomach.
nothing.
move.
nikki finally got braden on his feet, but id already taken off through the bar.
i did not like what was happening.
why had richards looked like he was following kyrie.
hed been eyeing her weird all night at the ballfield.
i tried not to think much of it.
the last thing i wanted was to rock the boat after destroying the locker room.
now, i did not give a shit if i sank the fucking boat to the bottom of the ocean.
i pushed past players, nikki hot on my heels.
when i entered the back hallway and saw richards with his hands on my girl, something clicked in my mind.
when he leaned down and kissed her, everything became a blur, except for nikki words at my back, sean.
do not you fucking touch her.
i rushed forward and yanked him back by his shoulder.
you, motherfucker.
my fist hammered into richards nose, and i followed him down to the ground, not feeling a thing.
shrieks rang out around me but i was only focused on driving sean face through the floor with my fists.
you are fucking dead, holliday.
he struggled, trying to buck my weight off him.
not a fucking chance.
i swung and nailed him in the left eye.
he tagged me with a hard right, but i barely registered it.
regaining my composure with a quick head shake, i gripped him around the throat to make sure i did not hear the piece of shit say anything else while i pummeled the side of his head with my free hand.
stop it, easton.
stop please.
kyrie voice sounded like it was in a tunnel, far behind me.
i felt an arm around my neck, struggling to pull me off my new teammate.
it had to be braden judging by how strong it was.
bro, just let it go.
let it go.
i recognized braden voice as his arm wrenched tighter around my neck.
blood ran from richards nose to his mouth.
the sight of it appeased me enough to surrender as i let braden pull me back from him.
his eyes were red, and i hoped the fuckers would be swollen shut within the hour.
what the fuck, easton.
kyrie shrill voice was just below a scream.
she bent over to examine richards face as he started to stand up.
i think you broke his nose.
she straightened and looked at me, but i could not tell if she was pleased or pissed.
i knew which emotion i favored.
good.
adrenaline still coursed through my veins.
should have broken his goddamn neck, too.
calm down.
braden arm tensed against me once more when i started to head back for seconds.
why he kissing you, kyrie.
she glanced to the ground, her hands at war with each other as she seemed to be trying to get her thoughts together.
richards made his way to his feet and the corners of his lips turned into a shit eating grin.
i used to do a lot more than kiss her.
i lunged at him again, dragging braden with me.
oh fuck, said braden, in my ear.
i rammed richards back into the wall, intent on turning him into a blood stain, but somehow braden wedged himself between us and yelled in my face.
go cool off.
i am not fucking around.
let him be.
sean smirked and braden flipped his head around.
you need to get the fuck out of here before i turn him loose.
i turned to kyrie.
he the guy.
the one who fucked you over.
and you did not tell me.
i was going to.
i just needed she looked away and i saw a tear fall onto her cheek that she quickly wiped away.
you could at least look at me.
i think i deserve that much.
seeing her in pain rivaled the torture of seeing her with another man, both sensations akin to a knife in my gut.
i am sorry.
her quiet words twisted the blade.
do you still have feelings for him.
i silently begged her to tell me no.
saying nothing, she dropped her gaze to the floor and i wanted to die.
look at me, kyrie.
her head tilted up to me and tears now streamed down her face.
it is complicated.
her words were more of a plea than an explanation.
richards shoved off the wall and rubbed his jaw.
of course she does, prick.
all those years do not just disappear my whole body tensed as i glared in richards direction.
shut your fucking mouth or i will do it for you.
again.
this ai not about you, easton.
this is about me and kyrie, now that i am back in town.
he took a step toward her and braden struggled to hold me back.
nikki darted past and got between kyrie and the three of us.
all of you need to leave her the fuck alone.
especially you, sean.
you pencil dicked motherfucker.
kyrie looked lost, her eyes darting from me to sean as she put a hand over her mouth, covering a sob.
nikki turned her toward the door by her shoulders and guided her away.
tears streamed down kyrie cheeks as they walked through the door and disappeared.
kyrie nikki spooned me, her arm slung across me as she snored.
after a waterfall of tears and a long conversation about past mistakes and the current clusterfuck, id finally fallen into a fitful sleep.
i glanced at my phone.
the light was dark, no messages.
my puffy eyes squinted at the morning sun pouring through my blinds, and i flipped to my back.
nikki hand landed on my boob and she squeezed it in her sleep.
i could not even laugh as i repositioned her hand.
too many negative emotions swirled inside me to let such a carefree sound escape.
i sighed and stared at the slowly turning blades of my ceiling fan.
they were stuck in a pattern just like i was.
was i doomed to make the same mistakes over and over again.
my alarm chirped and i slammed my palm down on the snooze button.
but was easton a mistake.
he had not done what sean had done.
or was it that he just had not done it yet.
the idea of him cheating on me made my stomach churn, the alcohol from the previous night threatening to make a reappearance.
go ahead and text him.
tell him you want to have lunch.
nikki rubbed her eyes.
i had not noticed the snoring had stopped.
i already texted him last night after you fell asleep.
i told him i did not want sean, and that it was complicated.
he did not respond.
id stared at my phone, hoping hed say something to me.
even if it was him telling me how pissed he was, it would have been a relief.
but thered been only silence.
well, try again.
he will come around.
my eyes stung as more tears tried to well up.
i am afraid he thinks i want to get back with sean.
i do not.
i know.
she ran her hand down my cheek in the signature nikki move.
i leaned into her hand, needing some comfort.
it is a mess.
i never thought hed come back, and when i saw him, it was like nikki snuggled her head onto my shoulder.
dj vu.
i know.
i felt it, too.
though not as bad as you, i am sure.
he has not changed.
and that is a pity.
i blinked my tears away.
but that part of my life is over.
i have moved on.
we will smooth it over with easton.
did you see the look on his face.
i closed my eyes and pictured easton, the surprise and then the hurt that settled across his features.
his eyes darkening and the stark set of his jaw when i was not able to give him the answer he needed.
no, i was too busy considering choking sean the fuck out.
she wadded up the blanket and wrapped her hands around it, squeezing like it was sean neck.
i put a hand to my forehead and pressed on my temples.
when easton asked if i still had feelings for sean, i could not answer.
it was just too, too much, you know.
and i sort of froze.
she throttled the blanket for a few moments longer and let go, but then added a quick pow pow from the gun she made with her fingers.
i took care of sean.
she blew across her index finger like it was a smoking barrel.
and easton has to have realized what a shock it was for you to get confronted by sean.
i do not know.
i chewed my lip.
i sort of fell apart.
i will talk to braden and get him to talk to easton.
she stretched and sat up.
are you sure we have to go to work and stuff.
my alarm sounded again, and i nailed it with a backhand before flipping it over to the off position.
i will shower quick.
then we can go to your house so you can clean up and we can get ready.
sound like a plan.
she held out her fist.
we got this.
getting ready, getting easton all going to be a piece of cake.
she yawned and shook her fist, demanding i bump it.
i hope you are right.
i tapped her knuckles and walked to my bathroom, but not before glancing at my phone again.
it remained dark.
no messages, no chance.
so, what is on tap for next week.
tessa had outdone herself this morning.
she wore a red dress, the top structural and sharp, the bottom flaring into a tutu.
a black hat with mesh veil topped the look, but the material seemed too long, because she kept getting it caught between her lips as she spoke.
kyrie, off to l.a.
next week.
i forced a bright smile onto my face.
yes, tessa.
i have got the entire reality tv family lined up to talk, except for the one in rehab.
which one in rehab.
she caught the mesh between her teeth and poked out her lips to try and get it out of her mouth.
nikki snickered next to me and then added a surly, i wish i got to go to l.a.
i elbowed her and spoke up.
i think the third oldest sister.
the one married to the rapper.
when will she be out.
can you go see her in the rehab.
her voice rose, shrillness rounding out the piercing notes.
it is court ordered, so she will likely be there at least a month.
no visitors.
i checked.
no visitors.
that is ridiculous.
the last time i was in a facili tessa halted and reached up to adjust her hat before clearing her throat.
moving on.
i tuned out the rest of the meeting, even nikki antics.
my thoughts never strayed far from easton.
he still had not returned my texts.
i called and left him a voicemail on the way to work, but the apology seemed to have fallen on deaf ears.
once the meeting was over, i wandered back to my office.
nikki perched and chatted, but she quickly got the hint that i wanted to be alone.
he will come around.
braden already promised to talk to him.
i put my head on my desk, my forehead resting on the squishy wrist pad that looked like a big, purple dildo.
do not push him.
i said the right thing, but i did not mean it.
i wanted easton pushed back to me, so i could be in his arms again.
it will be okay.
nikki stroked through my hair and patted my back.
my phone dinged, and i popped my head up and grabbed for it.
i swiped across the screen.
a text.
pressing on the text app, my heart sank.
i recognized sean number, though it had long since been deleted from my address book.
it is sean, i muttered.
nikki face fell as i showed her the text.
want to get together tonight.
drinks and then i could show you my new place.
i tapped the functionality that allowed me to block numbers and had him added to the list in seconds.
good decision.
nikki hopped down and walked to my door.
we will get easton.
if there anything i am a pro at, it is chasing down men in tight baseball pants.
do not worry.
i offered a weak smile and she tapped her nose before turning the corner outside my door.
i forced myself to work instead of straight moping.
i flew through my emails, corresponding with freelance writers and stringers to make sure the smaller stories and product plugs were being assembled for the next teen sparkle.
a couple of hours dragged by as i made a few phone calls to the art department about ad placement and continued piecing together my ideas for the reality tv article.
i already knew it would turn out as nothing better than a vanity piece.
and i hated it.
a reminder dinged, telling me my l.a.
travel plans for monday.
i leaned back in my chair and let the dread wash over me.
my life was not going in the right direction not on the career front and not on the relationship front.
maybe id made a misstep at some point in the past, and now id ventured far enough in the wrong direction to notice the trail had evaporated under my feet.
another email darkened my screen, but i sat straight up when i saw it was from graciela froggart.
ms.
kent, i have interviewed two additional candidates for the executive editor spot.
both are well suited for the position.
however, i await your creative submission for my consideration.
have it to me by midweek or i am afraid i will have to pass you over.
graciela froggart midweek.
i ran my fingers through my hair and crunched a lock between my front teeth a weird habit that surfaced when i was nervous, and one id never been able to break.
there was no way i could get her a quality piece by midweek, especially not when i was slated to fly to la for the vapid reality tv star interview.
first easton had slipped through my fingers and now style and substance.
i shook my head.
no.
i was not going to take another step down this road.
i was going to set things to rights with easton and make a run at my dream, even if it tanked me at teen sparkle.
it was worth the risk.
i picked up my phone and dialed nikki.
you like em, we stick em, she tittered in my ear.
i laughed, the sound almost manic.
one, that is not a very professional way to answer your phone, and two, want to go to l.a.
for me next week.
easton a week had passed and i had not returned any of kyrie texts or calls.
it was torture.
each time id started to give in id see richards at practice or a game, and the humiliation and rage would win out against my need to speak to her.
his black eyes and busted up nose were the only things that gave me a hint of comfort.
i rolled out of bed and groaned.
a crushing weight squeezed my chest and even the view of the city and the spring colors from my high rise window were drab and uninteresting.
birds chirped on the ledge and i glared in their direction.
happy little fucks.
i beat my knuckles on the glass as they fluttered in every direction.
then i smiled.
you must feel like a real badass now.
picking on the poor birds.
kasey leaned on my doorframe.
what do you want.
i sulked back to the bed, contemplating falling face first onto it and delaying the start of the day.
you return her messages.
kasey took another step into the room and folded her arms.
whose messages.
i smirked.
oh, very clever, easton.
she started slow clapping.
hey, hey, easton.
check it out.
i got full range of my wrist back.
she made a jerk off motion with her injured hand, before she arced it at me, coupled with the most exaggerated splooge sound id ever heard.
very original, kase.
get some new material.
i sat down on the bed and sighed, staring out the window.
do not take your shit out on me, you miserable twat.
i looked back and her brow was furrowed.
sorry.
i flopped back on the bed like an angsty teenager about to blast grunge music.
this is why i should not have let her in.
i was perfectly happy when i was single.
no work issues.
did not have to worry about some tease fucking with my mind.
i turned my head and kasey was in my face, nostrils flared.
oh shit.
do not you talk about her that way.
i will fuck you the fuck up.
understand.
she was shaking as she loomed over me.
jesus christ, what gives.
i sprang up from the bed and paced around the room, alternating my gaze between kasey and the wall.
i did not do anything wrong.
she did.
now you are taking her side.
i thought you were my best friend.
kasey stare softened a bit as she strode toward me.
you know i love your big dumb ass.
and i did not take her side.
she prodded my chest with her index finger.
but she not one of those other whores you used to put your ant sized cock inside.
she better than that and you know it.
i started to speak and she cut me off.
she a catch.
she the tits, if you will.
if you say anything different, you are lying to yourself.
she turned to walk away then spun back around, apparently not finished ripping me a new asshole.
know what your problem is, big brother.
it is easier to sit in here like a little bitch, and not do shit, than it is to go out there and have to work for something.
she not perfect.
but she was with that fuck bag for a long time.
why.
i have no earthly idea.
you can not change the past though, and you can not expect her to just forget years of something because easton motherfucking holliday showed up and gave her a big o.
just one.
i gave her a quick smile.
respect.
she smiled but tried to shake it off.
but seriously her words were now a plea.
that girl is perfect for you.
everyone sees it.
i know you feel it in places other than your nut bags.
i have never seen you love anything as much as baseball, until she came along.
stop being a twat rocket and do something about it.
i ran a hand through my hair and stared up at the ceiling.
it is probably too late.
she has to hate me by now.
kasey stood there with her hands on her hips, looking at me as if i were the village idiot.
it is been all of a week.
it took her two years to get over richards.
she scoffed and walked from the room.
i walked to my night stand and picked up my phone.
no new messages from kyrie.
this was the first day since the bar that she had not said anything to me.
sometimes it was just hi or i miss you.
but now, my screen had no notifications.
i checked again.
still nothing.
not thirty seconds passed before kasey stormed back into the room carrying her laptop.
she flipped it open on the bed.
yeah, i bet she over it.
idiot.
i looked down at the screen, style and substance across the banner, and my heart raced.
she got the job.
a huge smile spread across my face, and then pangs of nausea riddled my stomach.
i missed it.
she landed her dream job.
i had not taken her to dinner or bought her flowers or said so much as congratulations.
instead, id tortured her with unanswered texts and ignored phone calls during what should have been one of the happiest moments in her life.
bile crept into my throat and a cold sweat broke out across my forehead.
you okay.
you look mighty pale.
kasey walked over and put a hand on my shoulder.
i could not turn away from the article.
rookie love and career mistakes.
the words were like a vise around my neck, slowly shutting off my air supply.
i am the love mistake.
i i can not read it.
she going to talk about me.
do not be a pussy.
i think you will like what you find.
kasey smiled and walked out of the room.
i sat there for a few minutes, contemplating whether or not i wanted to scroll down to the article.
my phone lit up and distracted me.
it was braden.
hey mopey moperson, we need to meet up.
obligatory female shit.
beers.
i typed out a message with my thumb and index finger, because i am a weirdo.
i fucked up, did not i.
the screen was in my peripheral vision, taunting me when the phone lit up again.
look bitch.
when there an opportunity to drink beer, we do not waste it.
meet me at oconnelly in half an hour.
i chuckled.
fine.
see you there.
that is a good whore.
finally having worked up the courage, i scrolled down to the article.
kyrie headshot was in the byline with her name and new title, executive editor.
her writing was effortless, conveying every little piece of information perfectly so that even a dummy like me could understand her thoughts.
she talked about her struggles and working jobs she did not want to work, with her long term goal always in the back of her mind.
how she used it to get out of bed every morning and write the pieces she was not interested in.
then, she moved on to her social life, and how a working woman could make mistakes and not veer off the tracks.
she talked about being engaged, and though she did not mention that sack of dicks by name, it was obvious who she was talking about.
reading about the shit he put her through made me want to break his nose.
and then, finally, there i was in stark black and white finding love is not quite as easy as id been led to believe as any of us have been led to believe, really.
but there was a time, and i am not talking about my fiance who had a penchant for sleeping with women other than me, when i was really, truly in love.
i did not know it then.
i thought if i guarded my heart, kept him at arm length, that i was doing the right thing.
i was not.
he taught me that opening up was not necessarily a bad thing.
he taught me that love, even after disappointment, was possible.
and i gave him so much more of me than i ever intended.
and then i made a mistake.
a big one.
i hurt the man i love.
but the thing is, when you hurt someone you love, you feel the sting, too.
i made a love mistake.
one that i am not sure i can remedy.
but i have learned something from it, something that i hope to share with you, dear reader.
when you have ended the chapter on a toxic past relationship, go ahead and close the book, put it on the top shelf, and never open it again.
pushing through one of the big heavy wooden doors, i saw braden sitting up at the bar top with a black and tan in front of him.
he held up a hand and motioned me over.
this was our favorite dive bar.
it was rarely busy and today was no exception.
half the tables along the walls still had chairs stacked up on them.
patrick stood behind the bar bullshitting with braden.
the old man had a bar towel draped over his shoulder as usual.
he was legit, came over from ireland long before we were born.
i plopped down on the barstool next to braden and looked up at patrick, a man of few words.
the usual.
aye.
patrick turned his back to us and started to pour a smithwick off the tap as i dropped my head down toward the bar.
braden whipped out his phone with the article on it and slid it in front of me.
already read it.
i shifted in my seat.
well fuck, that was like all i had really.
he stared down into his beer.
what are you gonna do.
i let out an exasperated breath.
i do not know, man.
i just i love her.
it is just so complicated.
how am i going to work with richards.
how is that complicating things.
his eyes widened.
i furrowed my brow as if his question could not be serious.
what do you mean.
well, you already fucked him up.
it is going to be hell working with him anyway, regardless of what goes down with you and kyrie.
should not you at least get the girl if you are gonna have to put up with his shit.
i leaned back.
wow.
that is actually sound logic.
good for you.
i chuckled and patted him on the back.
it was a joke, but his words resonated and had my mind racing again.
thanks, dick.
his stare was still serious.
i know we joke a lot.
we both grinned.
but for real.
fuck.
i had not seen you that happy in, well, since we have known each other.
not trying to get all fucking gushy on you.
nikki definitely put me up to this and i thought id seal the deal easy with that article, and then wed just pound some ice colds.
here yare, easton.
patrick set the big frosted mug of beer in front of me.
thanks, pat.
i took a sip and licked the foam from my top lip as the strong hops wafted across my nose.
i mean, you know i want to be with her.
i nodded to the phone.
i ignored her.
hurt her more.
during the biggest moment of her career.
beat up her ex who happens to be our new pitcher.
she hesitated when i asked if she had feelings for him those were nerves and you know it.
you are kind of an intimidating motherfucker when you have just throttled some guy face, you know.
braden sat up straight and shook his head.
no, man.
that is a bunch of bullshit.
since when are you the type to make excuses.
youd never do that on the ballfield.
why is it okay to do it now.
i saw a vein starting to bulge in his neck and his jaw clenched.
what if she rejects me.
hearing those words as they came out of my mouth, all i thought was one thing.
you are lying to yourself.
braden shook his head again.
you read what she wrote.
she put herself out there for you.
you know what.
i am not thirsty anymore.
he shoved his beer across the bar and stood up.
i watched the beer slosh back and forth in the glass, foaming up at the top.
these are on you, bitch.
he scowled, then turned and left, shoving the door open on his way out.
i whipped out my wallet and threw down my card before yanking my cell phone from my pocket.
my thumbs flew over the screen as i sent a text to kyrie.
if you still love me the way i love you, be at the game tomorrow night.
patrick ran my card and handed it back.
i sprinted through the door and out to the parking lot.
the sun was blinding from how dark it had been in the pub.
i scanned the lot and saw braden mercedes backing out.
sprinting up to the car, i beat on his window and he jumped and threw a hand up in defense.
the window lowered slowly.
jesus fucking christ, you animal.
i sent her a text.
let is do this shit.
he threw the door open and i barely dodged it.
his chest was heaving up and down with each breath, his teeth grinding, jaw tight.
braden stepped from the car and his lips were mashed into a thin line, then they slowly turned up to a grin.
was it my dramatic exit.
nailed it.
he laughed.
i picked him up in a huge bear hug and squeezed the oxygen from his lungs, then started dry humping him up against the car.
you like that shit.
oh yeah, give it to me, daddy.
our laughter echoed through the parking lot when a lady walked by with a stroller, gawking at us.
we both stood to attention.
good afternoon, maam.
braden cheeks were puffed out, a laugh waiting to explode from them.
she kept walking, shaking her head and mumbling.
so whatd you do.
he bounced around on the balls of his feet like a fighter about to enter the ring.
sent a text, saying i loved her and for her to come to the game tomorrow.
i grinned at his excitement.
nice.
just hope she takes me back.
he smacked me playfully across the cheek and pointed a finger in my face.
easton holliday does not take no for an answer.
do not be a whore.
i was a hot fucking mess the entire day, ever since i woke up.
it was torture not to text kyrie, but everything i needed to say was better said face to face.
do not fuck this up, easton.
hopping in my truck, i sped off toward the field.
when i arrived, richards was getting out of the car in front of me.
fuck.
he shot me a glare and i saw the dark shadows around his eyes.
it made me smile for a moment, and then everything came rushing back my anger at him, the look on her face when i asked her if she had feelings for him.
it would take a while to get past, but id decided kyrie was worth it.
i waited for richards to disappear before getting out of the truck.
braden whipped into another spot.
thank god.
hed help keep me focused if sean decided to run off at the mouth.
we strode toward the clubhouse.
braden looked down at his phone and then glanced up to me and smiled.
text from nik.
she not for certain, but she thinks she convinced kyrie to come.
he nudged me with his arm.
i tried to play it off.
oh yeah.
mmhmm.
he pushed open the door and i followed behind.
i still could not believe coach had not called me in to discuss well, rip me a new asshole over fighting with sean.
the prick was nowhere to be seen as we stripped down and started to get ready for the game.
braden had a foot on the bench, strapping his shin guards on.
i know it does not help things, but richards is starting tonight.
just wanted to get that out of the way.
the fuck.
why.
i tied one of my cleats.
graves is hurt.
tendonitis.
coach is moving him up in the rotation.
fuck.
i should have been concerned for graves, but all i could think about was kyrie having to watch that motherfucker on the mound all night.
he was good too, which made things worse.
he usually lasted well past the seventh inning.
what if he runs her off.
it will ruin everything.
braden must have sensed me warring with myself in my mind.
hey, snap out of it, bitch.
you come in and win the game, and then go win the girl.
fuckin a.
i grabbed a ball from my locker.
i wonder why coach has not said shit about the fight.
braden looked away.
i do not know, man.
maybe richards has steered clear.
not hard for you pitchers to do.
fuckers do not have to play every day.
he turned back with a toothy grin.
i will see you out there.
he smiled and ran off, his spikes clacking on the concrete once he reached the hall leading to the dugout.
i threw on the rest of my gear and grabbed my bag, then headed out for the bullpen.
when i walked past coach office, the door was cracked and i heard him talking.
son, what the fuck happened to your face.
richards was in there.
fucking great.
nothing, coach.
took a spill while i was biking.
i leaned in closer to the door.
why would he lie.
goddammit, son.
biking.
what in the fuck were you thinking.
i was not.
i am sorry.
nothing we can do about it now.
get the fuck out of here and stay off the goddamn bike until the season over.
yes sir.
shit.
i started down the hall when richards came through the door.
his stare was like fire in the back of my skull.
holliday.
his word echoed off the walls.
be fucking cool.
do not ruin your career, easton.
i turned and walked back toward him, until we were a few feet apart.
yeah.
i leered at him.
i do not like you.
he smirked and i wanted to smack it off his goddamn face.
but we have a job to do.
i made up an excuse to coach.
i set my bag down.
i heard.
tell braden i took care of it and to stay the fuck away from me unless it is baseball related.
i do not know what you are talking about.
i lifted my cap and pushed my hair back from my brow before sliding it back down on my head.
right.
like you did not send him to talk to me.
his foot tapped on the ground.
no.
he smiled this time.
that little fucker.
i grinned a little, now curious to what that sly bastard pulled.
whatd he say.
that i needed to stay the fuck away from kyrie and make up a story for coach.
for the team and for my health.
i shook my head.
i did not put him up to that.
he a devious little prick.
and, for the record, his threats did not do shit for me.
all the same, i came here to play, not feud with another pitcher.
he looked up at the ceiling and then back to me.
let is just keep our distance and do our jobs.
deal.
he held out a hand.
i hesitated, but thought about kyrie article.
smoothing things over with richards would help me smooth things over with her.
reaching out, i took his hand.
deal.
id been standing up on the bullpen bench all game, squinting to see if kyrie was in the stands.
she was.
it was the longest game ever, at least it seemed like it.
a pitcher duel.
wed scored a pair of runs in the seventh, and now they had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth.
i was warming up, trying to stay focused.
looking out to make sure kyrie had not left the game, i saw a base hit shoot up the middle to groans from the crowd.
the runner on second rounded third and headed for the plate as our centerfielder fired the ball to braden.
the runner slid into home, kicking up a dust cloud, and it was too close to tell what happened from the outfield.
the umpire arms shot out, indicating he was safe.
fuck.
boos roared through the stadium, and the runner from first made it to third.
coach sprang up from the steps of the dugout and signaled for me.
the outfield wall swung open and i jogged across the warning track.
cheers erupted for richards as he strode to the dugout.
the ground shook beneath me from the music blasting through the speakers, and the stadium soon engulfed my view from all angles.
i trotted out to the mound where coach and braden awaited.
forty thousand people were on their feet and my eyes were fixed on one person, the only one i cared about.
our eyes locked and a tentative smile spread across her face.
it was not something i usually did, especially considering part of my job description was intimidating batters.
but i let a smile slip.
for her.
the stadium went wild and i glanced up to the screen in centerfield to see the camera zoomed in on kyrie and nik.
apparently, our relationship had gone public, and people knew about the story in style and substance.
i blew her a kiss to rev up the crowd as i neared the mound, and my mind was at ease, simply from her smile.
it was time to focus on baseball.
you about done, loverboy.
coach smirked.
sorry coach.
i am focused.
ready to go to work.
goddamn better be.
he slammed the ball in my mitt and glanced to braden.
we need a strikeout, son.
and i do not need to remind you about what happened last time you faced the asshole on deck over there.
he nodded toward their cleanup hitter.
you mean the ball he took to the ribs.
braden laughed.
yeah, well he got easton tossed out of the game.
now did not he.
shit will not happen again.
i clenched my fist at my side.
better fucking not.
he turned to braden.
give us a sec.
yes sir.
braden trotted back to home.
coach stepped up on the mound, his gin blossom nose and weathered cheeks closer to my face.
i do not give a fuck what cockamamie bike riding bullshit richards fed me earlier.
i am not an idiot.
my players do not get in fights at a bar without me hearing about it.
coach when you are on the mound, it is to work.
when you are with your team, you are at work.
you boys are like family to me.
i do not want to see you fuck up your career.
he kicked at the dirt.
it is behind us.
i am here to do my job.
i adjusted my cap.
good.
now go impress that pretty girl up there.
she a keeper.
he smiled and winked, then stepped off the mound.
yes sir.
i stepped up to the rubber, my domain, and started my warm up pitches.
the fucker on deck was smiling and i could see him talking to one of his teammates.
then he held his hand up to his brow and scanned behind home plate before staring at kyrie.
he and the other player both laughed, and he mocked the kiss i blew her.
focus on this hitter, easton.
i finished my pitches and the ump called the batter to the plate.
he dug in and waved his bat toward me.
braden flashed a sign for a fastball.
the stadium was a roar until i started my windup, and the whole place went silent.
i pushed off the mound with my back leg and fired a fastball straight into braden mitt.
the umpire shot his arm out to the side and the place went crazy.
strike.
i held my glove up, signaling for braden to get the ball back to me.
i liked to work quick.
heading back up to the mound, i readied myself for the next pitch.
braden wanted a slider.
i shook him off and looked at the runner.
he called for a fastball and i nodded.
i rocked back and fired it by the hitter again.
it sounded like a shotgun blast when it hit braden glove and the umpire called out, strike two.
i glanced up to kyrie and noticed kasey had made her way into the stands and was giving me the finger.
i tried not to grin.
she hugged nik and kyrie, and most likely grabbed their asses.
she had not been to a game in as long as i could remember.
her excuse consisted of something about a ritual and eating a pint of ice cream at just the right pace while situated in front of the tv.
athletes were superstitious, so i never questioned it.
seeing her there sent a rush of happiness coursing through me.
i was not sure why.
focus.
calm and collected, i watched as braden called for the slider.
this time i obliged.
at the last second i flipped my wrist and whipped my hand around.
the ball started toward the middle and dove down and away.
the hitter lunged as he swung, and missed.
cheers erupted through the stadium and braden tapped his glove on his chest protector before firing the ball back to me.
i watched their hitter sulk back to the dugout as he passed the son of a bitch who ran his mouth off about kyrie during our last encounter.
do not let him get to you.
he tapped the dirt from his cleats with his bat and dug his back foot in and twisted it.
i glared at him below the bill of my cap, holding my glove up so that all he saw was my eyes.
braden called for the slider and i nodded.
the ground was rumbling from the roar of the crowd as i went into my wind up.
i threw it exactly like the last pitch, and the big bastard swung and missed.
fuck.
he almost fell on his face before righting himself.
people stomped in the stands and the tension in the air was palpable.
pussy.
the batter jaw clenched and he glared out at me.
i returned his glare with a wink, and he looked like his face might explode.
keep winking asshole, when i go home with her later.
he nodded over to kyrie.
i glanced over and she was at the net, just like she always had been.
his words did not mean shit to me.
i knew i had her regardless of what happened.
it gave me a confidence id never known existed.
i stepped back up, and braden called for the slider again.
my head shook and he threw down the same sign.
a fastball was coming whether braden wanted it or not.
somehow, i knew it was the right pitch.
he finally gave in and shook his head at me, then he set up behind the plate.
i kicked up my leg and fired it as hard as i could.
the batter swung and grunted, the ball already in braden glove by the time his bat came around.
holy shit.
braden shook his glove hand like hed just punched a concrete wall, before he took the ball out and threw it back.
i looked up to centerfield and the screen read mph the hardest ball id ever thrown in my life.
the stadium was bedlam when the numbers flashed across, and coach jaw was practically on the ground.
jesus son, do it again.
fuck, he called.
even richards was up in the dugout with the rest of the team, cheering me on.
the place was electric, and the current shot through my body.
i looked down at both my feet on the rubber and then over to kyrie, her green eyes sparkling from the lights of the stadium, fingers wrapped in the net.
everything seemed like slow motion sounds, movements.
i looked to the plate and braden did not even throw down a sign, only waved the pitch on with his glove hand, then held up a target.
fuck it, easton.
his words were low and deep, like theyd been slowed on a record player.
their hitter glared and spit in front of the plate, his back foot churning against the dirt like he was squashing a bug under his cleat.
i went into my wind up and kicked my leg, all the raw energy built up in my legs transferred into my arm as i whipped it around and released.
the ball shot past the hitter and into braden glove.
there was a pause, a split second of complete silence, and then the umpire turned and punched his fist out to the side, followed by the other.
strike three.
braden fist pumped with his free hand.
yeah motherfucker.
the screen in centerfield flashed mph.
braden took off toward the mound as the players from the dugout rushed onto the field.
the fans roared, hugging and high fiving as a dog pile formed in front of the mound, me in the middle.
all i could see were bodies on top of me legs, arms, cleats, gloves, and more crotches than i ever wanted to experience.
i shoved my way through the chaos, teammates slapping me on the head before i finally wrestled myself free and stood, staring at my pitching muse as she gripped the net, smiling.
two reporters came out of the dugout and tried to corner me, but i barreled through both of them and ran over to the wall.
i hopped over it in one smooth motion as the whole crowd watched.
people darted out of the way, slapping at my shoulders as i ran to her and froze, staring at the only person i wanted to see.
kyrie i could not catch my breath as easton stalked through the crowd, his eyes on me as fans slapped him on the back and urged him forward.
knowing a storm was coming was one thing.
knowing it was coming right at you with no chance of reprieve was something entirely different.
he stopped in front of me and before i could so much as say hello, he pulled me to him and crushed me in a kiss that sent fireworks skittering to every nerve ending in my body.
the crowd erupted into a steady roar, but it all disappeared as he bent me back, his baseball glove pressing into the small of my back, his lips warm and firm against mine, and my soft body molded to his hard one.
it was not a kiss cam sort of kiss.
it was not one youd want your children watching.
but it was one that i enjoyed every second of.
his tongue circled mine, and i wrapped my arms around his neck.
he straightened, lifting me right along with him until my feet dangled off the ground, my heels hitting the deck and me giving zero fucks about them.
when he finally came up for air, he smiled and dropped a lighter kiss on my lips as the stadium continued to erupt in whoops and cheers.
breathless and turned on, i buried my face in his neck to avoid the multitude of camera phones filming us from every angle.
make me proud.
kasey slapped him on the back and slung her other arm around nikki.
come on.
he ran an arm under my legs and scooped me up, carrying me through the stands and back down to the field.
sitting down on the wall, he dropped the short distance to the ground and hurried to the dugout.
reporters ran up and started shouting questions, but he ignored them.
i kept my face buried in his neck, not ready for the spotlight hed just put on the both of us.
pressing through the players, he carried me through the locker room and into a side area, slamming the door behind him.
three massages tables were arranged inside, the edges of the room full of icing equipment, barrels, and bandages.
he set me down on a table, and shoved another against the door.
a couple of knocks and shouted questions from reporters were met with a gruff fuck off from easton.
he rounded on me, eyeing me from head to toe.
he flinched and adjusted his cup before whipping his hat off and advancing to where i sat.
i swallowed.
hard.
easton, we should talk.
i wanted to explain the whole thing about sean.
it just took me so off guard that i he put his hands on my cheeks, gently bringing my gaze up to his.
it is okay.
i understand.
you do.
then why did not you respond.
i tried to keep the hurt from my voice, but it crept in.
i was mad.
and dumb.
i was a lot of things, none of which i am proud of.
he shook his head.
braden and kasey set me straight.
and that article of yours.
you read it.
only about fifty times.
he leaned closer, his lips only a whisper away from mine.
i clutched his shirt, suddenly wishing there was nothing between the two of us.
did you like it.
yes, except for the part about how i was a love mistake.
he ran his teeth along my bottom lip and bit down lightly before catching my gaze again.
do you still think that is what i am.
a rush of heat consumed my body, and my knee length peach dress seemed a lot tighter and itchier than it did only moments before.
that is not exactly what i said.
but if you are a love mistake, then you are one i want to make over and over again.
i pulled on his shirt, bringing his lips to mine.
the electricity between us was undeniable, all consuming.
he slid his hands down my sides and gripped my ass, dragging me to the edge of the massage table.
easton.
another reporter banged on the door.
would you like to comment on the feud between you and easton turned his head and roared.
if you do not move away from that goddamn door, i am going to step out there and yank your arm out of its socket and beat you to fucking death with it.
i could not stifle my laugh.
he turned back to me, his eyes intense and his jaw set in a tense line.
that cute little giggle of yours is going to get you fucked.
promise.
i bit my lip.
he reached under my dress and rested his palms on my hips, then hooked my panties and yanked them down my legs.
he tossed them on the table next to me.
spread your legs.
he kissed me, urgent and hot, and threaded his fingers through my hair.
i opened my legs, inviting him between them by tugging him forward by his pants.
his hands rested on my shoulders and then pushed the straps of my dress and bra down, exposing my breasts.
palming one, he kneaded it as he sucked and licked my tongue.
he groaned into my mouth and put his palm at my lower back, pressing me forward to the edge of the table.
i undid the snap on his pants and lowered his zipper.
but when i reached in, i was at a loss with what to do with his cup.
fuck.
he stood straight and yanked the cup out with a grimace.
his cock sprang free, the head already glistening.
mmm, was the only sound i could make as i licked my lips.
he bent his head to my chest, taking a nipple in his mouth as i ran my hands through his hair.
moving to my other breast, he gave it the same attention until i was panting and yanking, trying to pull him up to my mouth.
he obliged, licking up my chest and neck until he claimed my lips as his.
it was a messy kiss, full of every ounce of passion and need wed stoked in each other.
his tip fell to my entrance, and he pulled away, staring at my pussy as he put his hands on the inside of my knees and pushed.
spread wide, i was open to him like id never been with anyone else.
his eyes were dark, the sparkle still there but glinting like the edge of a knife.
i put my hands behind me, bracing myself on the table and letting him have a view of all of me.
fucking beautiful.
he gripped my thighs and slid his cock inside me.
i gasped and dug my nails into the towels on the massage table.
he pulled out and shoved back in, harder this time.
the slap of our bodies echoed off the wall.
then he did it again, setting up a fast pace before wrapping his arm around me and pulling me into another scorching kiss.
i ran my hands under his jersey, feeling his hard abs and around to his flexing back.
he kissed to my neck and bit down hard enough to leave a mark.
a fresh rush of excitement took over my senses, like a bucket of morphine dumped in my blood stream, and i could not stop the moans that lofted from my lungs.
loud, baby.
he laughed against my neck and pulled out.
then he gripped my hips and lifted me, turning me onto my stomach, my ass at the edge of the table.
he clapped a palm over my mouth and thrust back inside.
surging in a forceful rhythm, he reached around and stroked my clit.
my eyes rolled back in my head at the feeling of his fingers, his palm on my mouth, and the hard plunges that i pushed into.
he leaned over my back, grunting with the effort as i cried into his palm.
he swirled around my hard nub before pinching it between his fingers.
my pussy tightened, every bit of tension coiling inside me like a snake.
i clawed at the table, and easton removed his hand from my mouth and used it to slap my ass instead.
the sting sent me over the edge, my pussy convulsing as i buried my face in the towels and moaned.
so fucking hot, kyrie.
jesus.
his voice was strained, but i was gone, floating in the sea of pleasure that rolled over me in undulating waves.
he kept fucking me, each stroke keeping my orgasm going until my body finally relaxed.
he pulled out again and lifted my hips, laying me on my back on the table.
he crawled on top of me, easing inside and moving more slowly now.
easton.
it was all i could do to say his name.
he pressed a gentle kiss to my lips and set a languid pace, as if he wanted to enjoy every second.
every moment without you was the worst of my life.
his voice was low, rough.
i love you, kyrie.
i never want to be apart again.
tears welled in my eyes, and i wrapped my arms around his neck.
do not cry.
he kissed my cheeks and pressed his forehead to mine.
i never want to see you cry.
i love you, too.
i kissed him, gently at first and then with more desperation.
he picked up his pace, and i dug my heels into his thighs, spurring him harder and faster.
my nipples rubbed against his scratchy jersey, and i thought id burn up to a cinder when he moved down to my neck, sucking at just the right place to drive me crazy.
i lifted my hips to meet him, loving each impact and the thrill it sent through my clit.
he nipped down to my shoulder and ran a hand through my hair, pulling it the way he loved.
i loved it, too, and showed it by digging my nails into his back.
i am going to come, baby.
he groaned and thrust harder.
me too.
i am there.
come in me.
i spread my legs, my heels in the air, as he plunged deeply a few more times.
fuck, he bit out and his hips surged erratically as he groaned.
his release brought mine roaring to the surface and my pussy spasmed around his cock, pulling him deeper as i moaned long and low.
my vision dimmed for a moment, my entire body focused on the intense bliss rolling from my pussy to every cell of my body.
he collapsed on top of me, his head resting next to mine on the table.
we both took in huge gulps of air.
we lay still for a while, just trying to come back down.
i am pretty sure you said you loved me.
easton said and nipped at my ear.
i smiled.
i did.
i do not remember saying that.
he raised up to his elbows and stared down at me.
do i need to remind you.
he thrust again, his cock at half mast but still capable of sending a tingle through me.
i looked away and then back at him.
i guess i might remember.
maybe a little.
perhaps i do need a bit of a remind i moaned as he pulsed inside me again.
okay, okay, yes.
i do seem to remember saying i love you.
because i do.
his smirk turned into a smile as he kissed me.
then he pulled back and furrowed his brow.
i love you, kyrie.
you have all of me.
my entire heart.
it is yours.
hey, man, i am all for some nookie, but you got reporters out here trying to bribe me with blowjob offers.
and that is just the guys.
braden voice came through the door.
id just fucked my boyfriend in a major league stadium but somehow, felt not one bit of guilt about it.
all the same, a blush crept into my cheeks at the thought of having to get through the reporters and doing the walk of shame past easton teammates.
easton shook his head and pulled out.
rocking back on his knees, he lifted me into a sitting position.
give us a minute, he called.
okay, fellas, which one of you has the least gag reflex.
braden voice faded.
i straightened my dress and snagged my panties.
easton snatched them from my hand.
spoils of war.
he smiled and tucked them into his pants.
i arched an eyebrow.
but i was the victor.
he got to his feet and tucked everything back into place.
nope, that was me.
you won the game, sure.
i stood, the concrete floor cold beneath my bare feet.
raising onto my tiptoes, i bit his ear.
but i won the war.
we will see about that.
he whipped me around and smacked my ass.
i can not wait to get you home.
i cooed at the promise in his words.
but how are we going to get past the reporters.
he wrapped his arms around me and squeezed.
i do not know if you have noticed, but i am kind of a big guy.
some would even say intimidating.
let me handle it.
stepping around me, he pulled the massage table away from the door.
ready.
he took my hand and gripped the door handle.
yes.
i nodded.
when he opened the door, at least a dozen people crowded around, their phones and cameras focused on the two of us.
shouted questions ensued as easton pushed through them, keeping me close.
i did not look up, hoping against hope my face would not be all over sports websites within moments.
back the fuck up.
braden elbowed some of them away and pointed toward a back hallway.
easton nodded and led me away.
his scowling coach was standing at the entrance to the hall, but he let us pass before re taking his post and preventing the media from following us any farther.
home free.
easton pulled me into his side and slowed his pace.
you okay.
fine.
i took a deep, steadying breath, and caught the outline of someone leaning against the wall near the double doors ahead.
why did not you ever let me fuck you in the clubhouse.
sean pushed himself from the wall and squared off with us.
easton tensed.
move, asshole.
get out of the way, sean.
i stepped forward, no longer the least bit conflicted.
sean was a dick.
he let his gaze rove down my dress, my legs, and then back up to my lips.
easton practically vibrated with rage next to me.
i put my hand on his forearm, and he stayed put.
come home with me.
remember what a nice place we used to share.
we could have that again.
sean gave me his most earnest look the same one he used to try and convince me that i had not just caught him fucking a girl in our bed.
do not you want that.
what i want is to never see you again.
i tilted my chin up, staring into his eyes.
come on.
he moved closer and i squeezed easton arm, begging him to let me fight my own battle.
i shook my head.
we will never get back together.
he looked down, as if sad, but then caught my eye again with a cruel grin.
did you tell easton i popped your cherry.
my knee flew up of its own accord, nailing him right in the junk.
he screamed like a little boy and doubled over.
do not ever speak to me like that.
if you try it, i will make sure this happens again.
got it.
i shoved sean to the side where he crumpled against the wall, exhilaration racing through my veins.
jeez.
easton scrubbed a hand down his face.
what.
i turned and stared up at him as sean gasped for breath on the floor.
it is just that is just that is brutal for any man, even one like sean.
a smile slowly spread across his face.
well done.
damn, i love you, woman.
those words still caused my mind to spin like a top.
i did not think id ever get tired of hearing them fall from his lips.
i am glad you approve.
now can we get out of here.
anything you say, scrapper.
he dropped a kiss on the crown of my head and scooped me up in his arms.
i can walk.
i laughed as he pushed through the double doors into the cool night air.
not without shoes.
good point.
no, you just had a good point and you are about to have it again as soon as i get you to my apartment.
he hustled through the lot to his truck.
i squealed as he nipped at my ear.
shh, do you want people to think you are some sort of cleat chaser.
he smirked.
i pulled his head down to me and brushed my lips against his.
in this case, theyd be right.
sign up for our newsletters to be the first to know about new releases and giveaways no spam, just goodies.
celia aaron newsletter sloane howell newsletter dark romance by celia aaron counsellor the acquisition series, book in the heart of louisiana, the most powerful people in the south live behind elegant gates, mossy trees, and pleasant masks.
once every ten years, the pretense falls away and a tournament is held to determine who will rule them.
the acquisition is a crucible for the southern nobility, a love letter written to a time when barbarism was enshrined as law.
now, sinclair vinemont is in the running to claim the prize.
there is only one way to win, and he has the key to do it stella rousseau, his acquisition.
to save her father, stella has agreed to become sinclair slave for one year.
though she is at the mercy of the cold, treacherous vinemont, stella will not go willingly into darkness.
as sinclair and stella battle against each other and the clock, only one thing is certain the acquisition always ends in blood.
magnate the acquisition series, book lucius vinemont has spirited me away to a world of sugar cane and sun.
there is nothing he cannot give me on his lavish cuban plantation.
each gift seduces me, each touch seals my fate.
there is no more talk of depraved competitions or his older brother  the one whod stolen me, claimed me, and made me feel things i never should have.
even as lucius works to make me forget sinclair, my thoughts stray back to him, to the dark blue eyes that haunt my sweetest dreams and bitterest nightmares.
just like every dream, this one must end.
christmas will soon be here, and with it, the second trial of the acquisition.
coming april sovereign the acquisition series, book short sexy reads by celia aaron a stepbrother for christmas the hard and dirty holidays annalise dreads seeing her stepbrother at her family christmas get together.
niles had always been so nasty, tormenting her in high school after their parents had gotten married.
british and snobby, niles did everything he could to hurt annalise when they were younger.
now, annalise has not seen niles in three years he been away at school in england and annalise has started her pre med program in dallas.
when they reconnect, dark memories threaten, sparks fly, and they give true meaning to the hard and dirty holidays.
bad boy valentine the hard and dirty holidays jess has always been shy.
keeping her head down and staying out of sight have served her well, especially when a sexy photographer moves in across the hall from her.
michael has a budding career, a dark past, and enough ink and piercings to make jess mouth water.
she is well equipped to watched him through her peephole and stalk him on social media.
but what happens when the bad boy next door comes knocking.
fck of the irish the hard and dirty holidays eamon is my crush, the one guy i can not stop thinking about.
his irish accent, toned body, and sparkling eyes captivated me the second i saw him.
but since he slept with my roommate, who claims she still loves him, he been off limits.
despite my prohibition on dating him, he has other other ideas.
resisting him is the key to keeping my roommate happy, but giving in may bring me more pleasure than i ever imagined.
forced by the kingpin forced series, book i have been on the trail of the local mob kingpin for months.
i know his haunts, habits, and vices.
the only thing i did not know was how obsessed he was with me.
now, caught in his trap, i am about to find out how far he and his local cop on the take will go to keep me silent.
forced by the professor forced series, book i have been in professor stevens class for a semester.
he brilliant, severe, and hot as hell.
i have not been particularly attentive, prepared, or timely, but he has not said anything to me about it.
i figure he must not mind and intends to let me slide.
at least i thought that was the case until he told me to stay after class today.
maybe he will let me off with a warning.
forced by the hitmen forced series, book i stayed out of my father business.
his dirty money never mattered to me, so long as my trust fund was full of it.
but now i have been kidnapped by his enemies and stuffed in a bag.
the rough men who took me have promised to hurt me if i make a sound or try to run.
i know, deep down, they are going to hurt me no matter what i do.
now i am cuffed to their bed.
will i ever see the light of day again.
forced by the stepbrother forced series, book dancing for strange men was the biggest turn on id ever known.
until i met him.
he was able to control me, make me hot, make me need him, with nothing more than a look.
but he was a fantasy.
just another client who worked me up and paid my bills.
until he found me, the real me.
now, he backed me into a corner.
his threats and promises, darkly whispered in tones of sex and violence, have bound me surer than the cruelest ropes.
at first i was unsure, but now i know  him being my stepbrother is the least of my worries.
forced by the quarterback forced series, book for three years, id lusted after jericho, my brother best friend and quarterback of our college football team.
he never paid me any attention, considering me nothing more than a little sister he never had.
now, i am starting freshman year and i am sharing a suite with my brother.
jericho is over all the time, but he will never see me as anything other than the shy girl he met three years ago.
but that is not who i am.
not really.
to get over jericho  and to finally get off  i have arranged a meeting with hardcoredom.
if i can not have jericho, i will give myself to a man who will master me, force me, and dominate me the way i desperately need.
zeus taken by olympus, book one minute i am looking after an injured gelding, the next i am tied to a luxurious bed.
i never believed in fairy tales, never gave a second thought to myths.
now that i have been kidnapped by a man with golden eyes and a body that makes my mouth water, i am not sure what i believe anymore.
but i know what i want.
novels by sloane howell the matriarch an erotic superhero romance the matriarch trilogy, book betrayal is easy, sex is a weapon, and information is power.
maggie madison sits in the lofty towers of her city during the day, but at night she lurks the seedy underbelly, looking to snare the man who stole her innocence.
her simple quest becomes complicated when she meets a man who is as light as she is dark, as straightforward as she is deceptive.
when a villain rises and sets her world alight, she must weigh her need for revenge against the good of the city she vowed to protect.
coming summer the matriarch trilogy, book coming winter the matriarch trilogy, book shorts and novellas by sloane howell the panty whisperer volume the panty whisperer series, book have you ever been pushed to the edge, and then over it.
have you ever had your toes cramp and your head shoot to the sky, trying to log every touch, every feeling in your memory, to reenact every situation later in the shower, or underneath your cool bed sheets.
have you ever had someone own your mind, penetrating every single one of your sexual fantasies, unable to shake free of them.
the thought of me will be a thirst you can not quench, an itch you just can not scratch, a drug that you cannot have.
every time you run your fingers down over your body, longing for that unattainable feeling i gave you, that warm sensation shooting into your toes, that complete surrender of all inhibition, aching for me to have you just one more time, i will be there, inside your mind.
my name is joel hannover and i am the panty whisperer.
some men are good at business, some gifted at mathematics i am good at making women come, hard.
it is a gift i have possessed my entire life.
if there was a girl nobody could bed, i was the first to get there.
i always get there.
i work as an accounting software consultant.
that is a fancy way of saying i am a salesman.
accounting departments are full of women, dressed conservatively, presumed to live boring, mundane lives.
nothing could be further from the truth.
these women are unique, sexual creatures, yearning for someone to take them to their breaking point and beyond.
jessica moore is one such woman, mid thirties, bad marriage, basically raising the kids all on her own.
she is sexy as hell, she just does not know what she capable of.
will i give her everything she longs for.
you will just have to read to find out.
the panty whisperer, volumes the panty whisperer series, books joel is back.
this collection includes the original plus four additional fast paced, panty dropping short stories.
have you ever been pushed to the edge, and then over it.
have you ever had your toes cramp and your head shoot to the sky, trying to log every touch, every feeling in your memory, to reenact every situation later in the shower, or underneath your cool bed sheets.
have you ever had someone own your mind, penetrating every single one of your sexual fantasies, unable to shake free of them.
the thought of me will be a thirst you can not quench, an itch you just can not scratch, a drug that you cannot have.
every time you run your fingers down over your body, longing for that unattainable feeling i gave you, that warm sensation shooting into your toes, that complete surrender of all inhibition, aching for me to have you just one more time, i will be there, inside your mind.
my name is joel hannover and i am the panty whisperer.
some men are good at business, some gifted at mathematics i am good at making women come, hard.
it is a gift i have possessed my entire life.
if there was a girl nobody could bed, i was the first to get there.
i always get there.
i work as an accounting software consultant.
that is a fancy way of saying i am a salesman.
accounting departments are full of women, dressed conservatively, presumed to live boring, mundane lives.
nothing could be further from the truth.
these women are unique, sexual creatures, yearning for someone to take them to their breaking point and beyond.
will joel finally meet his match.
you will have to read to find out.
the panty whisperer, volume the panty whisperer series, book has joel finally met his match.
this is a follow up novella to the first five short stories in the panty whisperer serial.
have you ever been pushed to the edge, and then over it.
have you ever had your toes cramp and your head shoot to the sky, trying to log every touch, every feeling in your memory, to reenact every situation later in the shower, or underneath your cool bed sheets.
have you ever had someone own your mind, penetrating every single one of your sexual fantasies, unable to shake free of them.
the thought of me will be a thirst you can not quench, an itch you just can not scratch, a drug that you cannot have.
every time you run your fingers down over your body, longing for that unattainable feeling i gave you, that warm sensation shooting into your toes, that complete surrender of all inhibition, aching for me to have you just one more time, i will be there, inside your mind.
my name is joel hannover and i am the panty whisperer.
some men are good at business, some gifted at mathematics i am good at making women come, hard.
it is a gift i have possessed my entire life.
if there was a girl nobody could bed, i was the first to get there.
i always get there.
i work as an accounting software consultant.
that is a fancy way of saying i am a salesman.
accounting departments are full of women, dressed conservatively, presumed to live boring, mundane lives.
nothing could be further from the truth.
these women are unique, sexual creatures, yearning for someone to take them to their breaking point and beyond.
how will joel cope with quinn rejection.
you will have to read to find out.
coming spring the panty whisperer, volume the panty whisperer series, book chloe comes for christmas, an erotic holiday novella james lives in the friend zone.
his best friend and fraternity brother mark, the all american cornerback, has always found a way to get the girl going back to their teens.
when james meets chloe first and falls for her, mark swoops in once again.
this time is different though.
james has his sights on teaching them both a lesson for making him look the fool.
bad boy revelation the alpha bad boy series, book daddy told me not to even look at the man in the corner.
he troubled he said.
i wanted to do more than look at him.
i grew up in the church.
i was raised better.
and i was broken.
oh, was i ever broken.
i had a sexual appetite that could not be filled.
a thirst in me that only sin could quench.
i needed him, the man in the corner, to claim me, dominate me, own me.
id do whatever it took.
goad him if necessary.
i needed that man like i needed air or water.
i needed the bad boy.
bad boy prospect the alpha bad boy series, book fighting, fing, and winning.
it is what i do and nobody will stand in my way.
it is how i live my life on the field and in the bedroom.
i make hitters fear me.
if they are scared, it gives me an advantage, and i capitalize on it.
people say i have an attitude problem, that i am a bad boy.
it is exactly what i want them to think.
until i meet elizabeth, the psychiatrist coach makes me see.
she specializes in pro athletes.
there something about her.
maybe she will be the one who finally cuts through my layers and sees the real me.
who knows.
