i draped my arm over his back and just let him hold me for a while.
our breathing evened out and the sting in my crotch began to fade.
how does it feel now.
he ran his hand up and down my side.
better.
good.
want to see something to cheer you up.
i snorted.
kasey eating a dick.
you know me so well.
he rolled onto his back and reached out with his tanned, muscled arm to snag his phone.
swiping across the screen, the image immediately popped up.
hed set it as his wallpaper.
easton really is an artist.
the dick, hard and with a nice set of balls and pubic hair, was drawn along her cheek, the tip in her open, drooling mouth.
i had to laugh.
kasey was smart, beautiful, and hated dick.
it is perfect.
my phone beeped, the notification light blinking blue.
i sighed and reached for it.
after all, my singed kitty was not getting any play tonight.
it lit up when i grabbed it.
there was a message from my mother.
i am typing back to him that he needs to add some conditioner or something on her face, like it is jizz, you know she will really oh my god.
i smiled and turned to braden.
he was still in the middle of typing his crude, juvenile, and admittedly funny conditioner idea to easton.
mom and dad are having a dinner and they have invited us.
both of us.
my parents had not invited a boyfriend for dinner in years, likely because id never settled down with one guy.
not until braden.
like everyone else, they thought he was just another man in my long career of cleat chasing.
but he was not.
braden was something different, something special the man i loved.
finally, mom and dad understood.
he stopped typing and swallowed hard.
laying his phone on his chest, he ran a hand through his short chestnut brown hair.
so me meeting your parents, that is a good thing.
i grinned and crawled on top of him, careful to keep my poisoned pussy patch from making contact.
it is the best thing.
i can not wait to show you off.
leaning down, i kissed him.
after a moment, he returned it.
braden was a lot of things star athlete, decent dresser, funny, smart, hot as fuck but far and away his best attribute was his kissing ability.
you have never been kissed until you have been kissed by braden bradford.
and that is too bad, because he only kisses me.
his tongue swooped inside my mouth, and he put a hand at the back of my neck, directing the kiss.
i was more than happy to be turned whichever way suited him.
i moaned into his mouth, my pussy heating up despite the spot of scorched earth.
he ran his other hand to my ass, but when he pushed me down against his cock, i squeaked at the sting and pulled away.
shit, i am sorry.
i forgot because he glanced down to his raging erection he made me forget.
i rolled off and sat next to him.
it is okay.
he put both hands to his temples, his biceps flexing.
so, your parents.
yes.
i lay down and snuggled into his side.
they will love you.
you sure.
more than sure.
now, go to sleep.
this pussy will feel better in the morning, and i want you to make it feel even better.
got me.
his lips curled in a devious smile as he tossed his phone back to the nightstand next to mine.
yes, maam.
and do not worry.
i yawned.
my father only ever shot one of my boyfriends.
braden i ran the show.
i faced the opposite direction of all the other players, and i was the only one that had a view of the entire field.
i was the leader the goddamn shot caller, and these whores needed to get their shit together.
time.
i held my hand up to the ump as the crowd fell nearly silent.
we were up one run, with a runner on first in the top of the ninth, two outs.
gladden was on the mound.
i shook my head.
fucking rookies.
hed thrown a hell of a game so far, but he was showing all the signs of fatigue leaving pitches up in the zone, arm hanging, loss of velocity.
i trotted out toward the mound while the low hum of the stadium encircled me.
heat from the sun beat down on my gear, trapping the humid warmth beneath my jersey.
it was hot as fuck for a september evening.
when i reached the mound, i looked out to see the giant pussy bag known as easton holliday warming up in the pen beyond right field.
i turned my gaze back to gladden and pried the catcher helmet from my head.
you are done.
huh.
his head dropped, and he scuffed his cleat in the dirt.
when he met my eyes again, i could tell he knew it was time to hand the ball over.
it is no biggie, man.
just let me know so we can fucking win this shit for you.
do not be a hero.
i looked over to the opposing dugout.
their clean up hitter was up next.
fuck.
yeah, man.
i am spent.
he lifted his hat and wiped his brow with his sleeve.
i glanced to coach in the dugout, and the old crotchety bastard started up the steps and toward the field.
coach and i liked to joke around.
but on the field it was all business.
he knew the look.
coach made his way toward us, lightly dragging his foot over the chalk line on the way just to fuck it up a little.
respect.
i turned to gladden.
you did good, kid.
hold your head up when all these peckerdicks cheer for you.
got me.
i cracked a smile.
he grinned.
thanks, b.
good game, gladden.
let e mop up for you.
coach stopped a few feet away and held out his hand for the ball.
gladden placed it in his palm, and the stadium thundered as he walked to the dugout.
i looked out to right field and andre the dickless giant was mowing down the grass with his cleats as he jogged out toward us.
glad he on our side, coach said.
i glanced over to coach and smirked.
nice observation.
thank god we have someone like you around, sir.
to impart these gold nuggets of wisdom.
his head slowly turned until his eyes met mine.
suck my dick.
his words were a low whisper, almost like a sigh.
i did my best not to break character, but it was not easy.
i glared back and mumbled.
i would not suck your dick with easton mouth.
and id love to make him suck a dick.
a whole factory of fucking dicks, coach.
we are talking costco in bulk dicks here.
the corners of his lips curled up.
forty five thousand people surrounded us, and we still behaved like twelve year olds.
he slapped the ball in my mitt.
do not fuck it up, braden.
he turned and headed toward the dugout.
yeah.
yeah.
go sit on your fat ass and let us make you look good.
plan on it, he called over his shoulder.
jesus, how the fuck could he hear me.
i turned around, and easton was right behind me, staring me down from above, children of the corn style.
jesus.
i shuddered.
he laughed.
can i have the ball, princess.
whatd i tell you about sneaking up on me like that, bitch.
i handed him the ball.
sorry not sorry.
can i go to work now.
e adjusted his cap.
i reached down and latched a shin guard that had come undone.
yeah, man.
you know the drill with this cunt.
i nodded toward their hitter.
chases low and away.
i am on it.
e tapped his glove on mine.
i trotted back behind home plate.
once there, i held up my pinky and index finger to everyone.
two down.
focus on the hitter.
runners do not mean shit.
i had to tell them even the simplest of things, because they would constantly forget.
i squatted down behind the plate, my knees popping and cracking just like every other catcher.
leading the team had always been hard on the knees.
easton tossed a few warmup pitches.
once finished, i glanced over to the net.
nikki, kyrie, and kasey were in their usual seats.
nikki blew me a kiss, and i smiled.
kyrie had finally put her fucking kindle down and was staring out at easton.
kasey scowled at me, made a jerk off motion, and flung ghost jizz in my direction.
i caught it and rubbed it into my chest protector, obviously.
focus.
the big batter next to me dug his cleat into the dirt and twisted his foot as if he were squashing an imaginary bug.
show me the other foot, butternuts.
he followed my instructions like a good little bitch and brought his front foot to rest slightly angled out to left field.
he sitting on fastball.
i called for a slider away, and easton shook me off like a neanderthal, so i threw it down again.
he came set, and checked the runners.
at the last moment, i slid to the outside corner like a goddamn ninja and flipped up my glove to give him a target.
he exploded toward me.
i saw the familiar dot on the ball from the rotation of the slider and caught it six inches off the plate.
the idiot to my left whiffed hard enough to start a typhoon on the other side of the world.
i laughed and tossed the ball back to easton.
that a kid.
listen to daddy back here.
he knows what is up.
the fuck you laughing at, prick.
the big dummy of a hitter stared down at me.
a goddamn circus clown.
what do you think.
i chuckled again and nodded at him.
keep it clean, boys.
let is play ball.
pussy ass umpires always ruined all the shit talking fun.
yes, sir.
i did not sound sarcastic at all in my reply.
i lifted my mask to wipe beads of sweat and dirt that quickly turned to some kind of mud concoction on my face.
easton stalked back up to the rubber, and i looked over at bitch boy feet.
the hitter crowded up on the plate with his front toe turned in.
ohh, bad mistake motherfucker.
would not crowd homeboy plate.
he ai not like it.
i flattened my right palm in the dirt and moved it back and forth, using the dry earth to soak up some of the sweat from my palm.
fuck you, braden.
this is my plate.
he waved the bat back and forth at easton.
you were warned.
easton did appear menacing for such a big teddy bear.
his glove was up, covering his face, and his hat was pulled down so that i could only see his eyes.
but, i knew he was smiling up a shit storm under the glove when i called for the fastball inside.
i rocked back to my heels and braced myself for it as he went into his motions.
the big ox could throw hard as fuck.
his arm was a whirlwind and the ball buzzed before exploding into my glove, right behind where the batter once stood.
i looked over at him, lying in the dirt on his back.
told ya.
i winked.
the asshole jumped to his feet and kicked his big clown foot at the ground, roiling up a dirt cloud as he stared easton down.
make a move.
i am right here.
stay off my goddamn plate.
easton held his glove up, signaling for me to get the ball back to him.
i happily obliged.
i told his ass, e.
he do not listen.
that is a warning for all three of you.
keep it up, and your asses are gone.
the ump wagged a finger at me.
it was kind of cute.
yes, sir.
i grinned.
easton walked back up to the mound.
i looked over to my man legs wobbling like jello, foot pointed out to left field again.
he fucked.
i called for the slider away, and big boy on the mound learned his lesson and nodded.
he came set and threw the pitch.
this one started down the middle and broke to the outside corner.
the batter swung and got a tiny piece of the ball with the tip of the bat.
the ball rolled into the grass about ten feet away and came to rest.
you knocked the shit out of that one.
i chuckled.
fuck you.
stop talking to me.
he beat the end of the bat on his cleat as the crowd stood.
two strikes, two outs, game on the line.
they were definitely amped up for the payoff pitch.
god, so sensitive.
fine.
i mocked him in a falsetto.
it was all too easy to get into a hitter head.
the cheers of the crowd grew to a deafening roar as easton took the bump, ready to finish this guy the fuck off.
do not hang that shit again, e.
hit your spots.
the hitter dug in, and i called for the slider way out.
might as well make him look extra stupid on national tv for his wife and mother to see.
when easton started to deliver i kicked my leg out in true acrobat fashion and set up off the plate.
the pitch was perfect.
cock boy never had a chance.
it came in hard and broke away at the last second as he blew down every tree in the city trying to hit it.
the ball slammed into my glove.
haaah.
the umpire got into it, even though there was no need since the guy swung.
fuck it.
let him have his moment in the sun.
i fist pumped and turned to the hitter, holding up my glove to show him the ball.
looking for this, pussyboy.
i laughed as i strolled out and bumped gloves with easton.
the rest of the team followed, and we all slapped fives and said congratulations.
we were on a roll, and easton had been unhittable ever since getting serious with the growing in popularity kyrie kent.
with this win, wed be on our way to the playoffs, and after that, anything was possible the pennant, the world series, maybe even the gryffindor house cup.
you were great, babe.
nik tits pressed against my chest while she kissed me.
my violet beauregard blueberry balls yearned for a release.
she ready to go.
i whispered in her ear.
she is off the disabled list and ready for cock.
nik leaned back and stared at me.
good.
he misses you, you know.
i glanced to the tent forming in my jeans.
i know, baby.
i sure do.
i missed him too.
she brushed her ass against my dick as she turned to say hi to everyone else.
i glanced around the bar.
it was the same place where easton nearly destroyed sean face.
ahh, the memories.
i nudged easton.
want to go grab a couple pitchers of smithwicks.
yep.
he turned on his heel, and we strode toward the bar.
i leaned down and propped my elbows on the smooth wood surface.
the difference in weight on my knees made me wince a little.
knees.
easton looked down at my legs.
they will be fine.
some of us have to do real work.
not fuck off like pitchers and shag flies all day.
i smirked.
yeah, you do a lot of work on your knees, i hear.
surprised they lasted this long.
he did that thing where he pretended to jerk an imaginary dick near his mouth and stuck his tongue in his cheek in rhythm.
it is not my fault your mom grabs me by the hair and bucks on my face like she riding a prized bull.
shit is like licking sandpaper.
i looked up at him and tried to keep a straight face.
a vein bulged in his neck.
i shrugged it off.
he started it.
crude humor was my thing.
if he did not like it, he could eat a bag of dicks.
really.
he turned to the bartender and ordered two pitchers.
why let the fun stop.
really, man.
it is like the sahara down there.
i will find the oasis one day i suppose.
the struggle is real.
while e worked up his next comeback, i reached out and snagged a coaster and began picking at the edges.
instead of blasting me with a well deserved insult, he put a hand on my shoulder.
everything okay.
i scoffed and forced myself to leave the coaster alone.
hed picked up on my tell.
yeah, man.
i am good.
braden, look at me.
fuck.
i turned my head and whistled.
talking things out was for chicks.
not me.
what is up.
he burned a hole in the side of my head with his stare.
it is nothing, man.
do not sweat it.
i turned to him, hoping hed leave it alone.
tell me what is up.
you are acting weird.
i sighed.
there was no getting rid of him.
it is just some bullshit with nik parents.
got me a little stressed.
it is nothing.
he grinned.
meeting the parents, huh.
you guys pregnant.
he laughed at his own joke like a rookie.
i flashed him my best you are a fucking idiot look.
so what, man.
you will be fine.
he handed some money to the bartender.
i know.
i mean umm it is just different with her.
and she super excited about it.
not making shit easier.
know what i mean.
i grabbed one of the pitchers of beer.
just nerves.
you will ace the parent test.
you are you, after all.
he looked me up and down.
people like you.
you are fine.
i looked over at nik, her perfect body hugged by her tight jeans and ravens t shirt that she had bedazzled up with my number.
classic nik style.
i love her, man.
like bad.
i do not want to fuck it up.
i know they will be uppity.
she comes from money and shit.
just be yourself.
if they hate you, then it is because they already do.
and nothing you could do would change that.
trust me.
we started toward the table.
i guess.
i shrugged, but kept the pitcher steady, because spilling beer was a crime against humanity.
it is about time you two dick shits brought the beer.
you finish whitewashing his tonsils, braden.
we all know easton is a catcher at heart.
kasey snickered.
keep it up, lil sis.
heard you sucked off a sharpie hog last night.
i grinned at kasey as her cheeks grew a slight pink.
laugh it up, twinkle titties.
i will never suck a dick.
ever.
kyrie and nik giggled.
kasey swiped the pitcher from my hand and filled her glass.
easton looked over at nik then back to me.
do not be a pussy.
it is time to shit or get off the pot.
nikki and that is why i will never do my own waxing ever again.
i finished my tale of woe with a flourish of my hands and a satisfied smile on my face.
i should have been an actress or a motivational speaker.
kyrie stared at me from across the table, her mouth slightly agape.
the rest of the faces around the table were littered with a variety of expressions all could have been classified in the aghast category.
thank you for that fascinating trip into your juvenile psyche and utter inability to follow simple instructions.
graciela froggart peered over her cat eye glasses, displeasure written in the lines around her eyes and the downturn of her lips.
i would ask if there was a point, but i believe we have all learned that, with you, the answer would be no.
she surveyed the conference table, packed with ten editors and their assistants.
let is move on to the actual business of the day actually, i was thinking maybe we should do a piece on proper pussy haircare.
err, i mean vagina.
because that is what doctors call it.
i cleared my throat.
anyway, every woman gets waxed or at the very least, trims.
maybe we could give tips on how to choose the right waxing boutique or what waxes are the best for your skin if you are a do it yourselfer.
i chanced a glance at kyrie.
her dark eyebrows popped up a little, as if surprised i actually followed through with an article idea.
well, nikki graciela twirled her pen in her bony fingers and stared down her nose at me.
i think yes, i do think that would actually be a nice piece to put in our beauty section.
have you discussed this with kyrie.
i will expect her to direct your efforts.
that is the only way i will entertain such an article from you.
she stopped twirling the pen and used it to point at me.
but keep it classy.
no shenanigans.
if i see the word pussy or she closed her eyes and wrinkled her nose with disdain cunt anywhere in it, i will trash it right off.
got me.
a thrill went through me at the prospect of my first real assignment.
right.
it will be up to the style and substance standard.
i promise.
no pussies, cunts, clams, cooches, gashes, slashes, twats, snatches graciela held up her hand.
i think we quite get it now, nikki.
thank you for your contribution.
i do believe i have had enough from kyrie department for the day.
now, let is talk fashion she continued down the row of editors, asking about articles on clothing and accessories.
i could not contain my grin, and kyrie kept sneaking glances at me.
she wanted to frown, but i could see the laughter in her eyes.
this was my first chance to really show what i was capable of.
ever since wed moved up to style and substance a few months ago, id been stuck with dealing with disputes over ad placement and reviewing boring ad copy.
i did not want to do the grunt work anymore.
my dream was to be a senior editor, someone who ran an entire section of a magazine.
maybe the dream would not happen at style and substance, but i knew id get there eventually.
i just had to keep working, keep doing my best, and most importantly never sacrifice who i was to fit into someone else mold.
as long as i stayed true to myself, my dream would come true.
this was just the beginning.
when graciela agreed to let me do my own thing, my heart skipped a beat and a blush crept over my skin.
i wanted to shine here, to work my way up to editor instead of editorial assistant.
with kyrie support, i knew i could make it happen.
i would not waste this chance.
after the meeting, i scurried to my office.
it was more like a closet, but i did not mind.
at least i had a door.
that was more than i ever had when i was at teen sparkle.
my small desk took up most of the windowless room, but id decorated with brash art and even managed to wedge in a tiny bench for visitors to sit on.
it was my little slice of home away from home.
working for kyrie, my best friend, made it even more enjoyable.
i walked in, sank down at my desk, and leaned my head back against the leather chair.
i may have even squeed a little.
way to go in there.
kyrie perched her curvy ass on the edge of my desk.
just out of curiosity, how many more words for pussy were you going to throw out.
want me to keep on impressing you.
i can always go with a nice hatchet wound or a poon, beaver, furburger.
i met her green gaze, loving it when they widened with each word i came up with.
kyrie shook her head and laughed.
you are ridiculous.
you love me.
i do.
she nodded, still smiling, and tucked a stray wisp of brown hair behind her ear.
is this new.
she pointed at my strapless green dress.
i love it.
too bad my tits are way too big to go strapless.
i patted my chest.
not a problem with me.
id always been petite.
with my blonde hair, clear skin, and light brown eyes, my mother tried to get me into modeling, but i was always too short to land any big photo shoots.
they are as perky as the day is long.
i am jealous.
she sighed and ran her hands down her sides, highlighting her hourglass figure.
i wanted to throw my stapler at her.
show off.
and if i remember correctly, the last time i saw your big squishies, the nips were still pointing north, so i am pretty sure you could go strapless if you wanted to.
maybe, but id probably get written up for indecent exposure.
i waved her words away as if they were an irritating gnat.
days without a reprimand are not worth living.
oh, nik, what am i going to do with you.
she stood to leave.
i just wanted to stop by and congratulate you.
i am proud, and i can not wait to see what you come up with.
i slapped her thigh.
put that fine ass back on my desk.
i have got news.
a creaking wheel noise echoed through the hall.
i knew the sound.
i pretended to reach for my notepad and knocked it off my desk and onto the floor at kyrie feet.
like a dutiful friend, she bent over to pick it up.
right then, grady pushed past with the mail cart.
he stopped, his pervy eyes growing huge as he got a good look at kyrie ass.
her skirt was short enough for me to wonder if he got a view of panties.
when he reached down to adjust himself in his pants, my hypothesis was proven accurate.
here.
kyrie straightened and handed me my notepad, then followed my gaze to the door.
grady, get the fuck out of here.
y yes, maam.
grady took off with his cart, but seconds later a crash sounded from down the hall.
he must have run into the nearest cubicle.
i howled with laughter.
thank god that creeper followed us over to style and substance.
his stalker ways always managed to lighten my day.
you did that on purpose.
kyrie, her cheeks red and her eyes flashing, grabbed a lock of my hair and yanked.
i had that coming.
i could not contain my laughter.
just like grady going to be coming all over your imaginary ass in the men room in about five minutes.
that comment got me another, harder hair pull.
i am leaving.
she huffed and turned for the door.
no, do not go.
i am sorry.
i grabbed her hand and stowed my giggles, though i had to push the image of grady bugged out eyes from my mind to do it.
she glowered.
you are going to regret all this when i am at the bottom of grady well rubbing lotion on my skin.
i gave her my most earnest look.
you have to do it, or else you will get the hose again.
dammit, nikki.
she fought a smile, but her lips won and she finally let out a laugh.
you are the fucking worst.
you know that.
i do.
i think you tell me about once a day.
now sit down.
i am being serious.
i have real, actual news.
she dutifully reclaimed her perch, though her eyes had a wary glint.
good news.
bad news.
what news.
great news.
that is my favorite kind.
she crossed her legs at the knee.
hit me.
well, you know how my parents moved back from florida two months ago.
she nodded.
yeah, did they sell the beach house.
i rolled my eyes.
are you kidding.
no.
they are having a major renovation, so they have come back to the estate for a few months.
as soon as it gets cold, they will be flying south again for the winter.
my parents had inherited more money than they knew what to do with.
id learned long ago that vast sums of money allow people to be their real selves.
they go about life completely differently than normal humans.
my parents were a prime example.
theyd returned to the city because of what theyd termed a monumental hardship.
this hardship was the scent of vietnamese food.
theyd hired a new housekeeper at the beach house, but did not like the smell of what she cooked in her own personal kitchen in the servants wing of the house.
so, they decided the only wise thing to do was buy the beach cottage next door, knock it down, and build a separate servants home.
totally logical to people like my parents, but batshit crazy to the normal people of the world.
so, if they are not back for good, what is the news.
they want to meet braden.
my voice was too loud for the office environment, but i did not care.
i can not wait for them to meet him.
they are going to love him.
kyrie smiled but crossed her arms, pushing her boobs up and straining the button on her white cardigan.
does braden know.
yeah.
i fidgeted in my seat.
the chemical burn on my pussy had entered the itching stage of healing.
is he excited.
she raised a brow.
well, not as excited as i am she sighed.
oh, nik.
nobody gets as excited as you do.
that is a given.
i know, but i think he wants to meet them.
he did not say no or anything.
we are supposed to go to their house for dinner this weekend.
i can already imagine him wowing my dad and flirting with my mom, and oh my god, it is going to be perfect.
my words ran together in a jumble of excitement.
just make sure he comfortable with it.
boys are weird about meeting parents.
and sometimes parents, not just yours, get overly protective.
but yours i can see catherine and john playing good cop, bad cop.
i wrinkled my nose.
i do not want to hear about my parents perverted sex games, you deviant.
she held my gaze and ignored my attempt to deflect.
you know what i mean.
i shrugged.
just because that one time my father shot my boyfriend when they were out hunting.
i mean, it was an accident, and clay did not die or anything.
yeah, but where did he get shot.
i looked away and chewed my lip.
in the groin.
she kicked my leg with her black pump.
in the dick.
have you told braden about that.
ow.
i rubbed my knee.
i mentioned it in passing.
said it was a hunting accident.
did he buy it.
she pulled a strand of dark hair between her teeth and bit down.
she must have been really worried.
she did not do the hair biting move unless something had her riled up.
look, they will love braden because i love him, okay.
do not worry so much.
and i will not let him go hunting with dad, so none of that will be an issue.
despite my words, worry swirled in my stomach.
was she right.
had i underestimated the pressure this situation would put on braden and me.
what about vanessa and ben.
vanessa away at school, and ben might show up.
my little sister was the sweetest soul in the world, and my older brother was not far behind.
if a black sheep was allowed in the graves family, i was it.
even so, my parents had always been polite to my boyfriends.
except that one incident in the woods, they had never openly declared war against any of my dating choices.
braden was my first long term relationship since college, so surely they would realize it was serious.
i tapped my index finger on my thigh.
come to think of it, i had failed to mention we were living together.
and by failed to mention, i meant intentionally did not mention.
not that i was ashamed of braden, but i did not want to rock the boat with my parents.
they would not be too pleased about me shacking up with a baseball player theyd never met.
but i had not lied to them or anything.
i just had not mentioned it.
that was different, was not it.
kyrie put a hand on my shoulder and squeezed, drawing me from my thoughts.
i am sure everything will be fine.
it has to be, right.
right.
i nodded, though i was not quite so sure anymore.
she stood and smoothed down her plum skirt.
now, let is get to work.
when are you going to start on the waxing article.
i shook off the worrisome thoughts and grinned at her.
no time like the present.
so, when was the last time you had your cooter waxed.
braden raucous cheers morphed into a steady roar from the crowd as cox slid into third.
i swung my bat in the on deck circle to the right of home plate.
hell yeah, kid.
i yelled.
cox popped up on third and fist bumped our assistant coach before brushing the dirt from his uniform.
the frenzy continued in the stands.
i turned my gaze out to second base where hamilton stood after driving a double to the right centerfield wall.
atta boy, ham chops.
he stared at me with a bright white, toothy smile and pounded his chest twice with his fist.
i returned the gesture.
i strode up to the plate from the on deck circle, and the thunderous applause grew louder as my name rang out over the speakers.
pendleton had struck out to start off the inning, but now we had two runners in scoring position with one out.
momentum was on our side.
adrenaline pumped through my veins as i looked up to the scoreboard a giant picture of my face covered half of it to verify the scenario.
we were down three to two in the bottom of the ninth.
i could not help but notice my batting average taunting me underneath my pretty face.
it was fifty points lower than the numbers i usually put up each year.
the breaks had not gone my way at all this season, and those three little numbers were all that the people in the front office cared about.
not leadership, or heart.
fucking numbers.
focus, goddamn it.
i slapped the hard lumber into my palm, and inhaled a huge breath through my nose.
hot dogs, beer, and fresh cut bermuda flooded my nostrils.
the smell of the ballpark was heaven.
i propped the bat between my legs and scooped a pile of fresh dirt into my hands, before rubbing them together.
i clapped a couple of times, sending a cloud of dirt swirling out toward the mound, and grabbed the handle of my bat.
gripping it hard, i squeezed the wood tight in my palms, gaining the necessary friction to go to work.
fuck the numbers.
get your teammates a win.
let is go, b.
light his ass up, hollered easton.
e and the others were in my peripheral vision, leaning on the barrier in front of the dugout.
i kept my focus on the mound.
glaring at the pitcher, i dug in with my right foot as the cheers of the stadium turned to pandemonium.
time.
the ump threw up his hands, cutting off all the energy that had built inside of me moments before.
what the fuck.
i shot a glance to the opposing dugout as their fat fuck manager waddled his ass onto the field.
cunt.
i stepped out of the box, my concentration now broken, and walked toward our dugout.
i headed right for coach.
fucker is going to bring in martinez.
he trying to ice me.
i glared at the old man.
looks like it is working.
get your fucking head in it.
his eyes bore into my skull.
he was right.
yes, sir.
use your brain, son.
it is how you have always stayed a step ahead of everyone.
you are smart.
quit sitting on your heels and reacting to everything.
it is a chess game.
you have to be thinking three moves ahead.
his hands went to his hips.
martinez jogged out from the left field bullpen.
he was a monster.
six foot six and built like a brick shithouse, but with a gut.
he damn near threw as hard as e, but did not have the same quality of secondary pitches.
i nodded to coach.
he will want to get ahead in the count.
good.
now you are being a fucking ballplayer.
go on.
his lips curled up the slightest bit at the corners.
what sounded like a gunshot shook me from my concentration once more.
i turned to see the catcher shake his glove hand like it was hot and toss the ball back to martinez.
fucking guy can bring it.
coach glared.
alright.
fine.
let is see.
i looked up and then back to coach.
he will want to work ahead.
his curveball is shit.
so i need to sit on first pitch fastball.
it will be the best pitch i get to hit.
exactly.
you are a catcher.
use it to your advantage.
think in reverse.
what would you do if you were catching martinez right now.
that is how you have to think, son.
it ai not rocket science.
i hope not.
youd be way out of your fucking element.
i grinned.
coach smiled.
you little shit.
go win the fucking game already.
done.
i called over my shoulder.
batter.
the ump called for me and pointed to the batter box.
i strode back up to the plate as i caught martinez smiling at me.
i am going to fuck you up, fat boy.
visualization was the key to success.
i do not know why it worked, but it did.
over and over i pictured the pitch, and me driving it right back at martinez ugly ass face.
come on, baby.
you got this.
nik high, clear voice pierced through the ocean of noise.
i turned to where the girls usually sat.
all three of them were on their feet, waiting in anticipation.
nikki smiled and blew me a kiss.
anxiety coursed through my veins, as sure as the energy from the fans rumbled through the stadium.
her excitement reminded me of how happy shed been about the dinner at her parents house.
i glanced up to the scoreboard, but was confronted with the damn.
again.
shitty batting average, dinner with the parents i could not win.
i was a hot fucking mess.
focus, son.
coach voice.
it was like he lived in my head.
i regained my focus.
i held up a hand to the umpire and dug my back foot into the batter box dirt like i was staking claim on my territory.
when i dropped my hand to signal i was ready, i planted my front foot in and stared out at chubby fucknuts.
you got this shit.
i played the perfect scenario in my mind one more time martinez starting with a fastball, and me decapitating him with a shot up the middle.
i looked up and everything else faded.
it was me and him, and only one of us would win.
fastball.
fastball.
i twirled the bat in small circles behind my head as he nodded to the catcher and came set.
loose hands.
fastball.
i relaxed my grip.
the big bastard kicked his leg high and hard as i rocked my weight to my back foot.
as soon as he let go, i knew it was my pitch.
i swung so hard i nearly came out of my cleats.
as soon as i connected i knew i was money, because i did not feel a thing.
the ball connected with the sweet spot and rocketed off the bat toward the left field gap.
i dropped my bat and sprinted toward first as the crowd came alive around me, and my feet pounded on the dirt.
i glanced at cox, who represented the tying run, jogging from third toward home.
hamilton was flying from second to third, trying to score the winning run.
i glanced to left field as i was rounding first, just in time to see the fielder lay out and make a catch that was destined to be on plays of the week in a matter of hours.
no.
fuck.
it was like a sack of rocks landed on my chest.
cox and hamilton hurried back to their respective bases as the left fielder hopped up to his feet.
all noise from the crowd ceased as i came to a screeching halt in the base path.
i clutched the top of my helmet with both hands and arched my back, staring momentarily up at the inky night, praying it was a bad dream.
how the fuck did he make that catch.
it was my shit luck.
all damn season.
id let the guys down again.
there no time for pity, braden.
you are a goddamn leader.
act like one.
i held my head high and sprinted back to the dugout like i always did, whether i hit a homerun or struck out.
it was classy, and set an example for my teammates.
when i ran past first base, i turned to our new rookie who walked to the plate.
he was eyeing my reaction.
i clapped my hands together and grinned at him.
let is go.
he ai not got shit.
i tossed a grin to the sumo looking motherfucker on the mound who was smiling at me.
keep cheesing, dickhead.
you are about to get lit the fuck up again.
i turned back to rookie bitch who now had a look of confidence on his face.
he strode to the plate with a purpose.
you got this shit, kid.
when i reached the dugout, coach beamed like id actually won the game for us.
i still wanted to go straight to the clubhouse and destroy a few things, or maybe just have a pussy style ugly cry in the corner.
not a chance though.
my boys needed me, whether i was at the plate or not.
coach smacked me on the ass as i ran down the stairs.
bad break.
we are still in it.
i shoved my bat back into the rack and tossed my helmet up into my cubby.
easton was leaning on the rail with the guys, and i made my way up next to him to cheer on the rook.
id let us down, but i could damn sure do my best to help another brother get us the win.
you literally cannot catch a fucking break.
he slapped the rail, then reconsidered.
well, i mean you can catch one.
fuck it, you know what i mean.
it got a chuckle out of me.
it is the goddamn baseball gods.
they have it in for me.
what do you do.
i shrugged.
he spit some sunflower seed shells out onto the emerald grass in front of us.
indeed.
they are being mighty cunty to you.
do not sweat it, man.
they are moody fucks.
they will come around.
but rook up there does not have a chance.
i frogged him on his non pitching shoulder.
do not say that shit, bitch.
you know better than that.
i glared.
e scowled for a second, and then he dropped his gaze.
sorry, man.
do not apologize to me.
pick up your teammate.
e broke into laughter momentarily, and then turned his stare up to rook.
rip his fucking tits.
e hollered, his hand half cupped around his mouth.
that is better.
i turned back to watch rook most likely fail as easton originally predicted.
but i would not have that kind of negative talk in my fucking dugout.
not a chance.
our obesity laden insults sliced through the air as martinez kicked his leg.
he fired the ball into home.
crack.
any ballplayer worth a shit knew the sound.
i could have had my eyes closed and known that ball was destined for the outfield bleachers.
rook dropped the bat and started toward first, his head craned to stare at the ball in flight.
all of us in the dugout watched as if it were in slow motion.
the ball shot into the stands.
a brief melee ensued about twenty rows up in left field as the ball landed amidst a roiling sea of faces and hands.
everything stilled for a split second before a rumbling built around us, shaking the stadium.
the players in the dugout erupted.
rook fist pumped rounding first base as the disgraced pitcher sauntered off the field, his face buried in his glove.
hah.
you fat sack of dicks.
the dugout looked like a mosh pit as we all shoved our way out onto the field to go tackle the rook.
when he turned to trot back after watching the ball fly over the wall, his eyes went from excited to scared shitless in an instant.
i could not blame him.
there was a herd of big motherfuckers storming his way, and he was about to end up underneath them.
he finally gave in, and held his arms out wide as we tackled him.
hands, arms, legs, dicks, asses it was all a blur as everyone tried to make their way to him and slap at his helmet.
after a few moments, the dust settled.
we wrapped up our celebratory antics and headed back toward the clubhouse.
rook walked over to me.
i faked a huge smile at him, knowing it should have been me.
but was not that what being a captain was about.
putting everyone else ahead of yourself.
i needed to be happy for him, build his confidence.
i would not have done that without you, you know.
bullshit.
my smile disappeared, and i tried to walk past him.
he grabbed my forearm and squeezed.
usually, it would cost a fucking rookie some hazing, but this kid was all amped up on adrenaline and endorphins, so i let it slide.
i mean it, man.
thank you.
his grip tightened on my arm.
i smacked his hand away and stood nose to nose with him.
the fear returned to his eyes.
do not you ever fucking doubt your shit.
you do not need me to hit homeruns.
you need to believe you can hit homeruns.
you are a bad motherfucker.
now you walk over to that hot as fuck reporter that is waiting to interview you, act like that homerun was business as usual, and then you take her home and make her scream your goddamn name against the wall while you pound that shit out from behind.
got me, rook.
i glared into his eyes.
got it, cap.
he smiled and headed toward the reporter.
hey, kid.
he turned around.
yeah, cap.
you did good tonight.
enjoy it.
because tomorrow it does not mean a fucking thing.
he tipped the bill of his helmet at me and continued toward the camera crew.
i glanced out to the crowd and saw kyrie and kasey still replaying the homerun and ensuing craziness.
it looked like kasey was trying to grip kyrie hips from behind and show her how to swing a bat.
kase winked at me and i shook my head.
clever perv.
i gave nik a wave and another smile.
she grinned at me the same way she did when she broke the news of the dinner with her parents.
two days, and i would be face to face with her family.
if my luck held, theyd run me out of their home and forbid nik from seeing me again.
i almost tripped over my own damn feet at the thought of losing her.
coach was waiting for me at the clubhouse steps.
good game tonight, son.
sure.
i nodded and tamped down the rising flood of worry.
you were at your best.
i am fucking proud of you.
his face wrinkled with a grin.
yeah, i guess.
i could have done more at the plate.
head was not fully in it.
i was not talking about the way you played.
i was talking about just now.
he nodded to the rook being interviewed and then headed into the clubhouse.
thanks, coach.
i would always put my shit aside on the field for the sake of the team, but that did not mean i would not take it home with me.
i suspect coach knew that, but it did not matter as long as i did not bring it back on the field.
i sat there for a few moments with my thoughts.
everything i was up against played through my mind letting the guys down on the field, meeting nik parents, the sub par stats id put up so far this season.
when i finally walked into the clubhouse, i noticed coach on the phone in his office.
his mood was all off.
it looked like he was yelling, but i could not make out anything with all the celebration among the players and coaches.
after a few minutes he slammed the phone down so hard he may have shattered it.
i started toward e when coach stepped into the door frame of his office.
braden.
his voice was loud and insistent.
i popped my head up, trying to see over the smiling players.
yeah.
his words went from angry to a somber note.
need a word, son.
what in the hell.
on my way.
id usually have thought he was calling me to his office to make fun of me, but there was something about his voice, his face.
i dug my nails into my palms at the thought of that phone call.
i strode over to coach.
what is up.
his face paled.
come in.
we need to chat.
close the door behind you.
yes, sir.
a million knives dug into my stomach.
i took a step into his office, and he went back to his chair behind his desk.
the door, son.
he glanced to the guys celebrating behind me.
fuck me.
this is not good.
i turned around and grabbed the door knob, pulling it shut.
id never prayed for anything in my entire life but in that moment, i prayed today was not my last day on the diamond.
nikki the moment braden appeared in the bar doorway, i ran to him and jumped into his arms.
i was worried hed be upset about his almost homerun, but hed smiled at me from the field.
so maybe it was not so bad after all.
he hugged me, and i buried my face in his neck.
his clean scent and woodsy aftershave washed over me, and as always, any tension drained from my body while i was in his strong arms.
i think you did great out there.
i nipped at his ear, and his hands eased down my back to my ass that was barely covered with a pair of shorty shorts.
i squeaked when he gave a hard squeeze.
that makes one of us.
i did not like his reply at all, so i bit down harder on his lobe.
i will reward you tonight.
he laughed, the sound rumbling from his chest and into mine.
i can not wait.
get a room.
easton called from the bar.
braden slid me slowly down his body, his erection pressing into my stomach.
i turned around and planted my ass on his crotch.
jeez, nik, that could kill a man.
he grabbed my hips and started walking me through the crowd, each step rubbing my ass on his tented jeans.
several teammates said hi, their voices barely audible above the din of chatter and the old rock song playing over the speakers.
the team bar felt like home the smell of beer, freshly showered men, and an unrestrained lust for life all crammed into a small space.
braden hard dick stayed wedged between my ass cheeks the entire way.
by the time we made it to easton and kyrie, i was a giggling mess.
easton gave braden a grin.
stop using nikki as your boner garage.
we have some celebrating to do.
he looped an arm around kyrie and kissed her, bending her back as if he wanted to devour her.
braden sat on a bar stool and pulled me into his lap, his chest to my back.
you like teasing me, do not you.
his hands slid down my thighs, sending goosebumps rising along my skin.
i do not know what you are talking he squeezed a fistful of my hair and pulled me against him.
when his lips hit my neck, i squirmed, his cock growing even harder beneath me.
growling against my skin, he sucked on my throat as his team milled around us, paying no mind to the two make out sessions going on at the bar.
i jumped when braden slid his hand up between my thighs.
his fingers delved to my panties.
i grabbed his bear paw and pushed it away, but not before his fingertips brushed the fabric over my pussy and sent fireworks skittering across my skin.
braden, not here.
i fidgeted more, and he released me.
just wait until later.
i am going to turn your ass bright red for teasing me.
my pussy heated up another notch, and i wondered if he knew how wet he made me.
i looked at him over my shoulder and batted my lashes.
promise.
he kissed me softly, his lips barely brushing against mine.
but when he spoke, his voice was hard and low.
count on it, baby.
so, when is this dinner with the parents thing supposed to happen.
easton had come up for air as kyrie poured our glasses full of beer.
saturday.
i clapped like an idiot, but i could not stop the wave of excitement that rushed over me.
braden stiffened beneath me, and not in the good way.
what.
i turned so i sat across his lap, my right arm wrapped around his neck.
he shook his head.
nothing.
i am just, just looking forward to it is all.
he plastered a smile on his face.
it was the fake, toothy smile i did not like.
easton snorted.
yeah, you really look like you are raring to go.
shut up.
braden took a swig of his beer.
when he set his mug down, i put my hands on his cheeks and stared into his puppy dog eyes.
my parents will love you.
dad loves all things baseball we know, nokona.
kyrie snickered.
i sighed.
as if i did not get enough teasing about my name.
my father had named me after a type of baseball glove.
love of the game was in my blood.
my attraction to baseball players was not the least bit coincidental.
id spent my youth watching my brother high school baseball team all those hot young guys in tight pants.
it was no secret i was a cleat chaser through and through.
but id never been caught up in a player until id met braden.
i think your dad has excellent taste in names.
braden smiled and clinked his mug to mine.
we both drank, the usual foam coating my upper lip.
i set my glass down and waited.
but nothing happened.
braden kissed beer foam off my lips every chance he got, and he was so good at it.
those lips were a religious experience.
but this time, he did not.
i glanced to him and wiped the back of my hand across my mouth.
he had a thousand yard stare, his mouth drawn down at the corners.
worry tiptoed up my spine.
hey, baby.
i ran the back of my hand down his cheek.
what is the matter.
he came out of his daze and took another long swig.
i am good.
no worries.
um, so what am i supposed to call your parents.
my dad name is john, and my mom is catherine, but she goes by cat.
easton spewed beer across the bar.
kitty cat.
he could barely get the words out, his whole body shaking as he laughed.
what.
no.
just cat.
i raised an eyebrow at kyrie, but she was laughing into her hand, clearly in on the joke.
easton locked eyes with braden.
you motor boating son of a bitch.
he dissolved into peals of laughter as kyrie shook her head and tried to hide her grin.
braden shook beneath me.
his lips were pinched together, and his eyes were about to pop out of his head from trying to contain his laughter.
oh my god, what is the joke, you idiots.
i stabbed a finger into easton chest.
have you never seen wedding crashers.
easton wiped a tear and tried to settle down.
no, why.
there a character well there a scene where easton glanced at braden again, who slowly shook his head.
taking the hint, easton shrugged and grabbed his beer again.
it is, ah, it is not important.
he put the glass to his lips and drank, and kept drinking as i glared at him.
i will tell you about it later.
kyrie patted my arm and tucked a lock of hair behind my ear.
after the dinner.
go ahead and tell me now no way.
braden finally spoke, the sound like a gunshot as he released his held breath.
it is better this way.
kyrie smiled, mischief dancing in her eyes.
fine.
i could wait until after, or i could just ask professor google when i got home.
either way, it did not matter.
the dinner would show my family that braden was the perfect guy for me.
braden finished his beer in record time and poured another.
all four of us chatted and joked for the rest of the night.
braden and easton even pranked the rookie by ordering him a pitcher of odoul.
the poor kid could not tell the difference.
despite the fun, i caught braden staring off far more than usual.
was it because of the dinner or something else.
there was no point in asking.
braden was not known for opening up, not even with me sometimes.
but the niggling worry in my stomach began to grow each time i noticed his mind was elsewhere.
i resolved that the dinner would soothe all his concerns, because my parents would have no other option but to love him like i did.
problem solved.
ives opened the door for us as we walked into my parents home.
every time i came here, a sense of nostalgia washed over me.
id grown up on the lush green lawns, playing on the wide front porch, and inside the large white house that sat atop a gentle rise.
the green shutters looked exactly the same, and the wide front door gave the same slight creak it always did when it swung inward.
i hugged ives, perhaps a little too hard.
he patted my back.
good to see you again, too, miss nikki.
did you like florida.
he smiled, deep wrinkles around his mouth and eyes reminding me of his age.
i like it here at home better.
but i think the air down there does something good for my joints.
spring in your step.
he shook his bald head.
it does not do that much good, miss nikki.
braden cleared his throat.
i pulled him off the front porch and into the house.
ives, this is my boyfriend, braden bradford.
ives inclined his head slightly and studied braden.
nice to meet you, young man.
come on in.
dinner is almost on the table.
braden hands could not stay still the entire way here.
he would rub his nose, scratch along his thigh, drum on the steering wheel do anything but relax.
i took his damp palm in mine.
he had nothing to worry about.
in his light blue button down shirt, open at the collar, and pressed khakis, he looked as handsome as ever.
i ran my hand down his smooth face and whispered, do not worry.
you are not, perchance, doing any hunting while you are here, are you.
ives had laughter in his voice as he led us past the music room and my father wood paneled study.
baseball mementos lined the walls and shelves.
no.
hope not.
braden pulled at his collar even though it was not touching his throat.
i glanced down.
i wore an a line summer dress that cut mid thigh, gathered at my waist, and hugged my bust.
the top was sleeveless with a modest scoop, and the white material bore a large floral print.
we looked like a perfect pair going to a picnic, or perhaps to watch a horse race.
my parents would approve.
my white heels clicked on the polished wood floors as we passed the sun room, and ives led us into the formal dining room.
i froze.
braden stopped at my side.
come in, come in.
mom waved us toward the head of the table.
a cacophony of oh shits played through my mind, but there was no turning back.
i forced a smile to my face, despite my burning need to strangle my mother.
nikki, you look amazing.
carter smiled his engaging smile.
his blond hair was perfectly styled to fall in elegant waves, as if hed just come in from a day at the beach.
my mother tittered as my father took a long pull on his glass of red.
i walked to her slowly, almost mechanically.
i glanced at braden.
he was sweating, and his gaze bounced from one person to the next, as if he did not know who to speak to first.
i strode to my mother.
mom.
she pulled me close and gave each of my cheeks an imaginary kiss.
her light gray hair did not move even a centimeter, and she wore a white pant suit that she likely borrowed from hilary clinton closet.
dad wore seersucker pants, a pale gray polo, and a look of distaste as he gave braden the once over.
my stomach churned, and i had to work to keep the smile on my face.
why was carter here.
mom, dad, this is my boyfriend, braden bradford.
mr.
graves.
braden shook my dad hand.
then he hugged my mother, ass out as was appropriate.
she gave him the air kiss treatment as well, but when she pulled back, her eyes narrowed.
and i am carter.
he held out his hand.
i have heard so much about you, braden.
wonderful to finally meet you.
braden shook his hand.
thanks, i guess.
are you a brother i did not know about or something.
the acid in my stomach turned into a whirling tornado, and the tips of my ears went cold.
no.
there was carter too perfect smile again.
i am just an old friend of nikki.
before i could back away, he took me in his arms and gave me a long hug definitely not ass out, and definitely more than an old friend would give.
i glared at mom over carter shoulder.
she gave a slight shrug and took a drink of wine.
this was not going as expected.
id been ambushed by none other than carter falkland, ex boyfriend and heir to the largest paper products fortune in the world.
worse than that, it was obvious my mother had set it all up.
with more than a little effort, i pulled away from carter embrace and took braden hand.
this is my boyfriend.
yes, dear, you made that clear.
mom motioned to the table, each place setting arranged with a degree of precision that even a neuro surgeon would envy.
three centerpieces of blue hydrangeas and yellow roses were placed at intervals along the table, though we only used five seats of the twenty four.
carter moved to pull a chair out for me, but braden grabbed it first.
have a seat, babe.
his assertive tone had me tingling in all the right places.
i smiled and said thank you before sitting.
braden sat to my right.
dad took the head of the table at my left, a frown firmly affixed to his face thanks to mother, i was sure.
mom and carter moved to sit opposite us.
i glared at her as carter pulled out her chair.
she locked eyes with me, the challenge apparent.
shed been trying to get me back together with carter for two years straight.
she still had not given up, and now braden was caught in a mother daughter pissing match.
i would win, but i had to be careful.
mom was craftier than a seventy year old at a scrapbooking convention.
she waved at the cook, who began serving the salad course.
braden kept wiping his palms down his pants, and a visible sweat mustache had formed along his upper lip.
dad scowled, mom simpered, and carter did not take his light blue eyes off me.
tense was an understatement.
i cleared my throat.
braden the catcher for the ravens.
they won their game on thurs carter, how the paper business going.
i heard you are managing the finances.
mom began cutting her salad into very particular little squares, her silverware clicking against the plate.
oh, it is fine.
i have to watch the market like a hawk, determine trends, use data to ensure i am on top of everything.
just boring high level mathematics, mostly calculus.
did you ever take a calculus class in college, braden.
carter smiled, a piece of lettuce in his teeth.
braden paused mid chew.
i did not go to college.
carter knew that, of course.
i wanted to somehow kick him in the balls under the table.
oh, of course.
sorry.
he sipped his lemon water, pinky out.
i forgot that baseball players focus on physical exertions more than intellect.
how much intellect does it take to waltz through college on mommy and daddy money and then take a job at daddy shit paper company.
i took an angry bite of salad, the caesar dressing tart and tangy on my tongue.
mom coughed into her hand and shot me a stony glare.
braden patted my thigh.
it is all right, nikki.
we can not all be as physically fit as i am.
some people are better suited for sitting behind a desk all day, never getting their hands dirty, and playing on calculators.
and then there are those of us who are better suited for more he glanced at me, the light in his eyes scandalous.
physical exertions.
he slid his hand up my thigh, under my skirt, and ran his fingertips along my panties.
i shuddered and fidgeted in my chair.
carter took a larger gulp of lemon water and returned to his salad, eyes down.
i saw your last game.
pity about that long ball.
i thought it was gone.
my father frown had gone from full engagement to half hearted.
i had no doubt my mother had instructed him to be a disagreeable grump which was quite natural to him, really but his love of the game cut through her bullshit.
mother, undeterred, tried again.
carter, could you tell us i heard the guy that caught it is on the disabled list, though.
bruised his rib something terrible reaching out to get it.
my father smiled at braden.
mom was too late the tide had turned to baseball.
good.
lucky son of a he glanced at my mother i mean, i thought i had him burned.
but he got lucky.
my father and braden fell into easy conversation over the ins and outs of the game as carter and mom sulked.
i ate and drank contentedly, with braden hand between my thighs all the while.
braden after dinner, i walked up a giant spiral staircase behind nik dad and this carter chump.
i had not been able to get a good read on mr.
graves, but i was not about to take any more shit off of carter.
not a chance.
have you ever played billiards.
carter popped his head back and glanced down at me with a shitty stare, like i was the help.
it was the way guys like him seemed to look down at everyone.
i know how to shoot pool.
if that is what you are asking.
i continued up the stairs that seemed to go on forever, and wished i was anywhere but there.
carter belted out an obnoxious chuckle, the kind of shit that would be in a bad movie where the wealthy people laugh at the peasants.
hed taken any shot he could during dinner doing his best to ding my intellect and puff himself up in front of nikki and her parents.
her father managed to get in some baseball talk with me, but the rest of the time was taken up with carter stories.
nikki mother practically drooled all over the smug bastard and gave me only sidelong glances.
this was not my scene, and every comment from carter reinforced that fact.
calm down.
it is just another hour or two and then you can make nik scream your name and come on your dick.
i calmed at my thoughts and smiled up at carter, knowing id be balls deep in the pussy he was after.
id already won.
when we reached the top, my head was on a swivel, taking in the scenery.
ornate woodwork and shelves stretched around the expansive walls, and the carpet was a rich cream color.
fancy leather furniture and chairs surrounded three sides of the pool table, which sat in the middle of the room.
a full bar and large flat screen television rounded out the place.
it was the most hoity toity fucking man cave in history, and i could not help but snicker.
something funny, braden.
carter leaned against the back of the closest chair.
i did not respond, just stared him down.
mr.
graves acted oblivious to the rising tension as we followed him toward the table.
billiards is a fine combination of art and science, braden.
somebody blow my brains out.
whipping his goldilocks around, carter glanced back once more and smirked.
much like baseball, mr.
graves continued.
he turned to us when we reached a selection of fancy pool cues hanging on a wooden rack alongside the television.
it requires patience, focus, strategy, and muscle memory.
rich people always baffled me.
it was funny, because technically i was one of them now, but i was anything but comfortable in this mansion.
baseball came naturally to me.
shooting pool was trying to put the ball in the hole.
what was this guy on about.
i watch the way you play the game.
you are a very intelligent ballplayer.
he smiled and turned back to select a stick.
hear that, carter.
i am intelligent.
my words were muttered under my breath.
carter caught them and turned to me.
what, pretty boy.
do not like the competition.
i pretend kissed the air at him and waggled my eyebrows.
fuck it.
i was going to have some fun with this prick instead of stewing on all the bullshit running through my brain.
he raised his chin so that he could sneer at me once more.
i am sure he thought it was cool, but it made him look like an ass clown.
you are an imbecile who cashed in on the lottery.
because you are good at a game.
that is not competition for me.
he flashed that cocky smirk at me again.
prick.
all right boys, choose your weapons.
mr.
graves, still ignoring our sparring, had finally selected his pool cue.
gladly.
i grabbed the first one i saw, whipped around, and pretended to take a swing at carter, stopping the stick inches from his rib cage.
he flinched like a quivering cunt bag.
i could not verify, but i am certain he pissed his frilly panties a little.
jesus.
just messing with you, carter.
lighten up.
he said weapons, so i thought maybe we were going to fight with these things.
mr.
graves stared at me, finally catching on to the strain in the air.
what are you doing.
something about the way he said it, the way carter was smirking heat rushed into my face, and i gripped the cue as hard as i could.
nothing.
will not happen again.
my words came through my teeth.
carter shook his head.
embarrassing.
youd think you could hand an idiot a stick in the twenty first century and they would not go all primitive.
turns out you can not.
he shrugged and whipped his head back around with a shit eating grin.
let is have a drink.
maybe that will help us warm up for the friendly game.
mr.
graves walked to the fully stocked bar and set down three high ball glasses.
carter and i followed him over and watched as he poured.
this brings back memories.
carter tapped his fingers on the bar.
i have not had your good whiskey since that time nikki and i snuck in here while you and cat were sleeping.
i shifted from one foot to the next, ready to whip this guy ass for just mentioning nikki.
then again, curiosity began to overwhelm me.
how well did he know her.
oh.
mr.
graves tsked.
stealing the good stuff.
when was that.
i do not remember.
it is been a few years.
you and cat had just returned from a long weekend away.
carter took his glass and sipped, his eyes locked on mine.
id stayed to keep nikki company all weekend.
we had a great time.
that was enough for me.
how about i break this stick off in your ass, carter mcshitpaper.
mr.
graves spewed high dollar whiskey all over the bar, and started to choke on it.
carter stiffened straight as a goddamn board, as i stepped toward him.
he tugged at his five hundred dollar shirt collar.
mr.
graves darted forward and somehow wedged his lanky frame between us.
carter smirked at me once more.
that was all it took.
i blew my lid.
do not think i will not go through him and pound your goddamn pretty boy face.
my voice boomed through the house, echoing off the fancy walls and other expensive shit these people cared about.
i think it is time you leave.
mr.
graves words were slow and steady, but his fingers on my arm were trembling.
happy to.
and i apologize, to you.
but not to the fancy feast bowtie pussy behind you.
he says another word about my girl, and i will pound his ass.
two sets of heels clacked against the stairs like twin jackhammers.
nikki appeared and came scurrying in our direction with her mother hot on her trail.
whose ass are you about to pound.
she stopped about two feet away and folded her arms over her chest.
shit.
my skin burned hot from head to toe, and rage coursed through my veins.
the longer i stood enclosed within these walls, with these people, the worse i felt.
id never been this way in my entire life.
but something about nikki and that cunt face carter boiled everything to the surface.
i attempted to steady my breathing.
it was not happening.
even so, i stepped away from nikki father and headed toward the door.
i know whose ass i used to pound.
carter flashed a smile at nik.
the hulk returned.
i flipped back around and shot carter the bird.
fuck you, nick carter.
you goddamn backdoor boy.
your teeth are about to end up on this carpet.
let is go, braden.
nik dug her nails into my forearm, and i stared at her bright pink face.
i could not tell if it was anger, embarrassment, sadness i hoped it was none, but knew it was probably all three.
i dropped my gaze to the floor.
my rage sparred with the worry id embarrassed nikki.
or worse, hurt her.
fuck.
okay, i nodded, let is go.
i strode to the stairs with nik at my side.
she was still gripping my arm.
i am sorry, everyone.
i did not bother turning to look at them.
they did not give a fuck about my apology.
yeah, you should be.
carter voice echoed around us, but i was done with him.
fuck it.
nik dropped my arm and flipped around.
you need to shut your goddamn mouth, carter.
you should not even be here.
braden is my boyfriend, not you.
i do not care what sort of game you and mom are playing.
you and i are never going to get back together.
she stomped her foot.
so stop trying to make fetch happen.
i glanced back and the three of them stood silent while nik shook a finger at them.
it was pretty goddamn hot to be honest.
i had not seen her so angry since easton beat the shit out of kyrie ex in the bar.
nikki mother put her hands on her bony hips.
just wait a nik shook, anger radiating from her small frame.
no.
you wait a minute.
like nobody knows what the hell you did tonight.
this is not all on braden.
you know exactly what you did, and this night is done.
i wish id never brought him here.
you are an embarrassment.
nik twirled around and blew past me.
come on.
now.
i chased after her down the stairs.
my dick tried to rocket through my zipper at the sight of her storming off, but i had a feeling she was about to deflate the fuck out of the poor guy.
she lit into me before we could make it out the door.
what the fuck, braden.
she yanked the front door open and stormed down the porch steps toward the car.
i do not know what your deal is.
when she turned to face me halfway down the circle drive, the moonlight reflected the tears suspended in the corner of her eyes.
where are you.
i know you are in there.
i miss you.
i could tell she was about to lose it.
my heart raced, and worry pooled in the pit of my stomach.
i stared at the ground and kicked at a crack in the driveway.
i am fine.
you are not fine.
she folded her arms and scowled.
i looked back at the trio of assholes now standing on the porch.
the sight of carter had my blood heating to an alarming degree.
i ground my teeth together.
not here.
i need to know, now.
you are not getting me in that car until i know what the problem is.
you have not been yourself since the game the other night.
i said not now.
i stomped past her as tears streamed down her cheeks.
she did not follow me.
i glanced back, and she covered her mouth with her palm.
i froze stiff.
she stood there, hurting right in front of me.
i wanted to hug her and tell her everything, but all i could see was carter up there smirking his fucking dick off.
her mother tried to hide a smile when i looked at her, and failed miserably.
everything from the past few days rushed out of me, and nik was the one in my sights, waiting to take the brunt of it.
my feet pounded on the pavement, and i leaned down to her face.
my stats have been shit all year.
nothing is going my goddamn way.
coach called me into his office after the game.
know what he said.
do you, nik.
i kept my voice low as she sobbed into her hand.
they are looking to trade me, or just cut me loose.
that play that made all the highlight reels might be the last bit of baseball that i have to hold onto.
me.
failing.
what the fuck am i if i am not on a ballfield.
my voice rose.
shit.
shit is all i am.
your boyfriend carter up there got that one right.
did not he.
she continued to weep in front of me, and i still could not stop the onslaught.
i i did not know that, b braden.
y you did not tell me.
i clenched my fists.
maybe because all you could talk about was meeting your parents.
i held my hands up and mocked her.
oh, what a great idea that was.
look at them.
hey, they are happy now.
i walked back to the car.
she stilled.
baseball is all i have got.
and all you cared about was this stupid night.
i hated myself as soon as the words left my mouth.
b baseball is all y you have got.
she barely got the words out before the sobs increased tenfold.
reality crashed into me like a mack truck.
carter was not the biggest prick here.
it was me.
what the fuck did i just do.
i looked away and took in a huge breath of night air.
i am sorry.
i just you know what i mean.
come home.
we will figure it out.
mr.
graves walked down the steps and put his arm around nik shoulders.
i took a step toward her.
nikki, please.
she was damn near catatonic, just standing there, staring at the ground as her tears splattered on the concrete.
id reduced her to this, all because i could not handle my own bullshit.
she buried her face in her father shoulder and sobbed.
regret ripped through my chest, the pain sudden and searing.
nik, please.
i am sorry.
mr.
graves looked up at me.
maybe you should head home, braden.
you two can sort this out tomorrow.
i could not look away from her.
is that what you want.
carter piped up.
of course it is what she mr.
graves turned to carter and held up a hand.
zip it, son.
nikki still refused to look at me, and my heart tightened like a vise was clamping down on it with every second that passed.
mr.
graves turned around slowly.
my daughter has had enough tonight, braden.
just give her a little time.
i shook my head again, grinding my jaw and staring at that smirking motherfucker.
but i knew mr.
graves was right.
something about the way he spoke to carter i knew nik would be safe.
but he was not the threat.
i was.
id done a lot of damage in a short amount of time.
fuck.
my eyes started to mist, and i did not want carter to have the satisfaction of seeing me cry for the first time in fifteen years.
i nodded.
o okay then.
i glanced at nik one last time, and wanted the whole ordeal to be a nightmare id wake up from in a cold sweat, with her next to me to grab hold of.
she still trembled against her father.
sorry for ruining your evening.
i walked to the car, regret ripping through my body with every step.
when i pulled out of the driveway, and nik disappeared in the rearview mirror, i could not keep the tears at bay anymore.
what had i just done.
nikki kyrie pulled me into her arms as easton closed the front door of their apartment behind us.
i still had not been able to stop crying.
dad had dropped me here so i could stay the night with kyrie.
i could not stand to be anywhere near carter or mom after everything that had happened.
kyrie shushed me and ran her hand through my hair.
it will be okay.
just tell me what happened.
i will just be, uh, i will be doing the dishes or something.
easton took off toward the kitchen like the hounds of hell were after him.
fat chance, kyrie mumbled and guided me toward their bedroom.
she set me on the edge of the bed and wiped her thumbs across my cheeks.
i will get you some water.
hang on.
my phone beeped again and again.
i dug it out of my bag and turned the ringer off.
braden would have to wait.
i could not speak to him, could not even think about him without feeling a knife in my ribs.
i do not want water.
i swiped at my eyes.
kyrie kept walking toward their bathroom, her yoga pants clinging to her round ass.
that was really a cover.
i am getting you a makeup remover wipe.
you look like a sad raccoon.
i cried harder.
first, at the thought of looking ugly, and second, at the realization id never have an ass as nice as kyrie.
she disappeared into the bathroom and, before long, reappeared with a wet wipe, a box of tissues, and a small tumbler of water.
let me get you cleaned up a bit.
i let her wipe my face.
am i ugly.
i asked through my haze of self pity.
my sobs had quieted, but i could not stop my tears.
are you kidding.
she laughed and gently scrubbed beneath my eyes.
i have wished for your looks a million times.
that cheered me a little.
jealousy always made me feel like i was doing something right.
after kyrie finished cleaning me up, i blew my nose and took a few sips of water.
she crawled to the head of the bed and lay down.
her perfect, large tits taunted me beneath her snug tank top.
showoff.
patting the mattress next to her, she said, come on, give me all the dirty details.
i obliged, flopping down next to her and burying my face in her pillow.
braden lost his mind in front of my parents and made me feel like shit.
braden mind feels your tits.
is that what you said.
she smoothed a hand up and down my back.
i rolled to the side and stared up at her.
no, he went nuts because carter was at the dinner.
kyrie knew all the details of my past, so carter was nothing new.
kyrie whistled.
does he know about you and carter.
he does now.
i sighed.
and he yelled at me in front of everyone about how baseball is his life.
the ache hed set off in my chest came back with full force.
and that it is the only thing he cares about.
a sob rocketed up from my lungs.
kyrie pulled me to her and held me.
we laid side by side for a few minutes until my crying fit subsided enough for her to speak.
he loves you.
something must have set him off.
something bad.
i am not making excuses for him.
the hand she was using to pet my hair clutched the strands a little too tightly.
ow.
sorry.
she resumed her stroking.
i just do not like the thought of him yelling at you.
he was not himself.
not at all.
and it was not just because of carter.
he said coach pulled him into his office a few days ago.
i dropped my voice to a whisper.
he may be traded.
oh, shit.
her eyes widened.
yeah, he did not tell me, not until tonight.
he should have told me.
i could not have done anything, but at least we could have carried the burden together.
he did not trust me enough to tell me.
it hurts.
i buried my face in her ample tits.
they were soft and warm, just like i remembered.
easton really was a lucky man.
i do not think it was a trust issue.
braden is the sort of guy who wants to make everyone else happy.
he always smiling, cutting up, having a good time, and most of all, making sure everyone around him is having a great time.
he probably did not want to bring you down.
that does not make it okay.
i snuggled closer to her chest pillows.
of course not.
id like to smack the shit out of him.
she sighed.
but i think the pressure of meeting your parents, plus having to deal with carter, on top of the trade talks maybe it was all too much for him.
not an excuse, just an explanation.
does easton sleep like this every night, right here in the sweet spot.
she laughed, her tits jiggling in a friendly sort of way.
easton would say that i have an even sweeter spot hed like to be in all night long.
i laughed a little.
that is why i like him.
he has his priorities straight.
did braden say where they might trade him to.
no, he said that coach trade.
easton leaned against the doorframe.
i hate to interrupt your terms of endearment moment, but you can not say the word trade around here and expect me to sit back and ignore it.
what is going on.
i recounted how braden had acted, including the bombshell about a possible trade.
easton went from pissed to shocked and back to pissed.
that fucker did not even say a word to me about it.
he flexed his fists and paced around the room.
i am going to ring his goddamn bell.
easton, calm down.
kyrie shifted, leaving me without my delightful tit perch.
nikki needs our help, not for you to go caveman like braden.
i sat up and rubbed my eyes.
he said it was just talks not an actual trade, so he can still stay with the ravens, right.
easton shook his head and continued his pacing, his big body making the lamps rattle with each angry step.
if they start shit like that, they usually finish it.
they do not talk about trades unless there a real chance it could happen.
fuck.
he slapped his hand down on the dresser.
i am going to kick his sorry ass.
easton.
kyrie stood and walked to him.
she pried his arms apart and wrapped them around her.
this is not about you, baby.
it is about nikki and braden.
can you calm down enough to help her figure out what to do.
she stared up at him with her green eyes.
easton melted for her, turning back into the teddy bear id come to know and love.
he sighed and rubbed her back before glancing over to me.
i will help.
of course i will help.
our apartment was dark when i walked in.
i shut the door behind me and navigated through the living room from memory.
a hall light showed me to our bedroom.
when i opened the door, braden gentle snore greeted me.
beer bottles covered his nightstand, and he lay on his back, his forearm thrown across his eyes.
tissues littered the floor next to the bed.
i was not surprised.
hed sent me over fifty i am sorry voice mails and texts, each one drunker than the last.
i stared at him, his dress shirt wrinkled and his hair in an untidy mess.
even after what hed done at my parents house, i loved him.
something told me i always would.
on my side of the bed, hed arranged three pillows next to him in a line, as if a person were lying there.
as if i were there.
i dropped my bag on the dresser, and he roused a bit.
he turned to the pillow nikki and hugged her to his chest.
my bruised heart warmed at the sight.
when he murmured nik, fresh tears welled in my eyes.
he was a grown man, but handled problems like a teenage boy bottling them up until he exploded.
we would work through it together.
and i would do everything i could to help him through the trade issue.
but right then, all i wanted was him.
i walked to the bed, unzipping my dress as i went.
it hit the floor and i stepped out of it.
peeling my panties down my legs, i kicked them away.
then i unclasped my bra and tossed it.
braden.
i climbed on top of him, straddling his hips.
his dark eyelashes fluttered until he was awake, staring up at me.
nik, i am sorry.
the moonlight glinted off the pools of sadness forming in his eyes.
it is okay.
i unbuttoned his shirt.
just do not let it happen again.
i should never have said those things.
i did not mean them i know.
you should have told me about the trade.
you are right.
i thought i could, i do not know, handle it somehow.
wh what are you doing.
he ran his hands up my thighs and his cock thickened beneath my pussy.
that worked out well, did not it.
got it all handled, did you.
i dragged my nails down his chest.
the teary glint left his eye and was replaced with heat.
are you punishing me.
i pinched his nipples.
do you want to be punished.
you certainly deserve it.
he let his eyes rove my body, lingering on my tits and then on my pussy.
i unbuttoned and unzipped his pants.
when i yanked down his boxers, his cock sprang free.
i gripped it, stroking slowly with one hand as i rubbed my pussy back and forth over the base.
i do not like being punished.
he groaned as i bore down on him, letting him feel how wet i was.
but id like to apologize by fucking you until you can not walk straight.
in one smooth movement, hed rolled on top of me.
the line of pillows were beneath me, pushing me closer to braden.
he shucked his shirt, pants, and shorts off, then pressed his chest against mine.
i am sorry.
he kissed my cheek.
i am sorry.
he kissed my neck.
again and again he told me how sorry he was as he dotted me with sweet kisses.
he took my hard nipple in his mouth and bit down.
i moaned and dug my nails into his side.
he grunted and rocked his hips against me, rubbing his slick cock head up and down the length of my pussy.
i need you.
his tongue traced a line of heat from my nipple to my mouth, and when he kissed me, he took more than just my breath.
i forgave him, but more than that, i loved him more than id ever loved anything.
he slanted his head, his tongue plunging against mine.
my skin warmed, and my pussy tightened with anticipation.
he kept teasing me, rubbing the head of his cock back and forth over my clit until i was writhing beneath him.
i wanted to tell him how much i loved him, but his insistent kiss took any speech from my lips.
he snagged both my wrists and pinned them next to me.
my heart raced, thrumming against his hard chest as he positioned his cock at my entrance.
breaking the kiss, he moved to my neck, sucking my skin between his teeth.
i moaned, and he gripped my wrists harder.
the little sting of pain poured more fuel on the fire, and i needed him inside me like i needed my next breath.
please, i whimpered as he ran his teeth across my throat.
his hips jerked, but he maintained control.
beg me.
please, please, please braden.
i tried to scoot down to get him inside me, but he moved his hips back.
tell me exactly what you want.
he pinned me with his dark eyes.
beg.
my pussy was on fire.
i had to give in.
it was the only way to get what i needed.
you.
i want you.
i want you to fuck me hard.
your cock deep inside me.
i want your come.
i want you to come inside me.
jesus, nik.
his voice was gravelly, dripping with sex.
please, i whispered.
he bit down on my shoulder and plunged inside me.
i squealed at the intrusion, the slight sting, and then the wave of pleasure.
i dug my heels into the backs of his thighs as he pulled out to his tip and shoved deep inside me again.
braden.
i tried to reach up and touch him, but he did not release my wrists.
i was caught.
he pulled out again and started fucking me hard, the sound of his skin slapping on mine echoing around the room.
each impact made my tits shake and my pussy hungry for more.
every hard thrust amped up the tension in my clit.
i spread my legs wider, putting my heels in the air.
he kept up his powerful thrusts, grunting with each effort and latching his mouth to my neck.
his hard strokes hit me just right, my spot and my clit already buzzing closer to the edge.
i wanted to hold out and come with him.
but, then he did the one thing that makes waiting impossible.
you like being my little slut.
his mouth was at my ear.
i moaned and spread my legs even wider.
answer me, nikki.
are you my little slut.
he thrusted harder, punctuating his words.
yes.
are you going to come on my cock like a good little slut.
oh my god.
i could not breathe.
i could not think when he talked to me like that.
i can already tell your greedy cunt wants to come.
he licked the shell of my ear.
my pussy constricted even tighter, and i closed my eyes as the wave crested.
tell me you are my slut, and i will let you come.
he pounded me in hard, steady strokes.
i i am your slut.
when the words left my mouth, my hips froze.
that is it, little slut.
come on my cock.
he bit my neck right below my ear, and i came on a scream.
my legs trembled as he kept fucking me all the way through my orgasm, each impact another spark in the explosion of pleasure hed set off inside me.
so goddamn tight, nik.
your pussy trying to get me to come, but i will not.
not until my little slut has had her second.
his words were lost in a jumble of endorphins, everything tumbling around inside me as my body shattered under the weight of him and his filthy words.
by the time i came back down, the neighbors knew who lived in this apartment.
releasing my wrists, he ran a hand down to my breast.
he squeezed the small mound, then pinched my stiff peak.
you almost got me.
those sounds you make.
fuck.
he bent his head to my other nipple and sucked it into his mouth.
i arched my back and ran my hands through his hair.
you make me make them.
he maintained a languid pace, his cock touching every part of my pussy.
i know.
you are about to make some more.
he rose onto his knees and roughly pushed me over onto my stomach.
hey.
before i could make a half hearted protest, he settled onto my back, his sweat slicked chest pressing me into the mattress.
his cock wedged between my ass cheeks as he straddled my legs.
i struggled beneath him, but he kept thrusting.
you are not getting away, slut.
still mine.
i moaned and buried my face in the pillow as he sucked on the back of my neck.
one of his hands yanked my hair and the other trailed down my side, sending shivers through me.
he raised up slightly.
then i felt his stiff head pressing into me again.
he surged forward.
with my legs together, the sensation of being filled was almost too intense.
goddammit, so tight.
he dropped a kiss between my shoulder blades and braced himself with one hand on the bed.
the other gripped my hip and lifted my ass.
fuck yes.
he started pounding me, rubbing my spot and sending the flames inside me spiraling higher.
i stretched my arms out and braced against the headboard.
his pounding hips shook the nightstands, the bed, everything in the room, and i found myself lifting my hips even higher, wanting every bit of contact.
that is it.
give me all of that pussy, my little slut.
my nipples tightened into hyper sensitive tips as they rubbed against the sheets.
i turned my head to the side as braden put one large hand on my upper back, pushing me down into the bed.
he slid the other one beneath me and began strumming my clit.
i kicked my feet at the wave of need that shot through me.
he did not stop, just kept fucking me, pressing me beneath him, and fingering my most sensitive spot.
i rocked my hips back to him stroke for stroke, and his groans grew lower, his grunts more pronounced.
i am going to coat my little slut is pussy.
he slammed hard and slow, our bodies crashing together as my hips began to seize.
is that what you want.
yes, i breathed.
come on my cock, slut.
come, and tell me who you want to blow inside your tight cunt.
you.
i squeaked as my pussy clamped down on him.
you, braden, please, braden the rest of my words were lost in a low moan as my orgasm rushed over me like a crashing wave.
fuck.
braden pumped inside, his cock stiffening even more.
then he gripped my ass hard enough to leave a mark and thrust deep as my pussy milked every last drop from him.
jesus titty fucking christ, nik.
he leaned over my back and pulled my sweaty hair away from my neck.
we should have recorded that.
i tried to nod, but my muscles did not obey.
i agree, i panted.
we could show it to our kids every christmas and fourth of july.
he laughed and kissed my shoulder.
fuckers would be lucky to get a treat like that twice a year.
i craned my head back, and he claimed my mouth with one of his signature kisses.
when he finally leaned away and pulled out, he smirked down at me.
thanks for my punishment.
braden i can not believe you did not fucking tell me.
easton fumbled through his locker, knocking shit around like a big oaf.
what do you want me to say.
i just figured i needed to step up my game.
i strapped the elastic from one of my shin guards across my calf and hooked the metal together.
we are supposed to be boys.
you should have told me.
that shit ai not cool.
hey, e.
i tilted my head up to the big fucker with as serious a face as i could muster.
yeah, what is up.
i fucked kasey last night.
i maintained my composure as he leered in my direction.
it is true.
every word.
turned her straight.
she loves the d now.
it became harder not to burst into laughter, but i had to keep a straight face.
for the good of the land.
i am being serious.
he ripped his jacket out of the locker and tucked it up under his arm.
i am dead serious.
it was a little weird at first, because i kept seeing your face when i would look at her.
but i just closed my eyes and went with it.
his big heavy cleat nearly ripped the carpet from the floor as he spun to walk away.
aww, come on, man.
if we can not joke about me fucking your gay sister then what do we have left.
nothing.
that is what.
it is like a goddamn convent in here.
i slapped the other shin guard against my leg and began strapping it up.
easton turned back around, apparently still pissed.
this is serious.
you know they do not fuck around once the t word starts getting tossed around.
and what about nik.
i should beat your ass for that.
she devastated.
and i do not give a shit how many times you called her your slut last night.
it does not make it all better.
he cracked a slight grin at his final two sentences.
i held my fist out.
give it up.
respect.
he tapped my knuckles and we both grinned.
i am being for real about the other stuff though.
you have to talk to me.
we can figure this out, together.
his hands went to his hips like an angry wife as he scolded me.
ramirez walked around the corner just in time to catch the end of our conversation and see easton standing there like a desperate housewife.
he stopped dead in his tracks and held both his hands up.
easton whipped his head around and shot him a glare.
what.
a couple guys can not talk out a compromise in the locker room.
this is conflict resolution.
it says so in this book i have been read he froze and squeezed his eyes shut.
ramirez and i both glanced to each other and shook our heads back and forth.
then we both eyed the gigantic woman standing between us.
reading what.
i smirked.
easton face turned pinker than nik pussy.
fuck you guys.
ramirez scratched his chin.
hey e, speaking of that, i have been meaning to ask you a question.
i waited for the punchline.
ramirez was a jokester like us, and his shit was usually gold.
what is that.
easton sighed and scrubbed a hand over his face.
do you ever use that subscribe feature on amazon.
ramirez face was stone cold.
he nearly made me a believer.
easton wrinkled his nose and leaned in as though he did not hear the question.
umm, no.
why.
you can save like five dollars a month on your tampons if you subscribe.
i am being for real right now.
my girl does that shit.
it gets me like two extra beers a month at happy hour.
you should look into it.
his deadpan delivery had me on the brink of a full blown seizure while i tried not to laugh.
easton balled his hands into fists and i noticed a vein bulging from his neck.
ramirez held his hands up once more as a peace offering.
he walked over toward easton as if it were an aaron sorkin style monologue.
you think i am teasing you, but i am not.
he stopped in front of easton and began showing signs that he might break character, twitching slightly, but somehow he maintained.
his head tilted up to meet easton eyes as easton chest started to rise and fall in heavy waves.
they will deliver that shit right to the clubhouse if you put the address in.
ramirez glanced over at me and flipped two fingers up at me.
in two days if you got prime shipping.
he turned back to easton.
extra heavy flow tampons in two days, man.
you believe that.
i was nearly dead on the floor.
ramirez oscar worthy performances during his jokes were legend.
he reached up and pretended to brush some dust off of easton shoulders.
anyway.
just thought you should know.
spreading the love and what not.
you two gentlemen have yourselves a wonderful afternoon.
he tipped his cap to easton and started to walk away.
easton turned to me with the set of crazy eyes he used when he was about to start up some shenanigans.
i laughed, clutching my side as he motioned toward ramirez back.
i stood and pointed to my shin guards, alerting easton theyd make noise if i moved too suddenly.
he gave me a thumbs up and a huge grin spread across his face.
ramirez.
yes, sir.
ramirez came walking back over.
easton reached back and put his fist on the back of his thigh where ramirez could not see, and held one finger down.
tell me more about this prime shipping.
i do not get on amazon much.
ramirez looked at me like the giant was a strange alien.
he umm, he knows i was making fun of him, right.
i can not ever tell with this one here.
easton put a second finger down.
three meant it was time to unleash hell.
do they have like, all kinds of stuff on amazon.
like anything you could want.
ramirez gave in, seemingly convinced e had not caught on to his tomfoolery.
yeah man, anything you want is on there.
seriously.
easton hand on his leg started to tremble.
it was almost go time.
what about say.chinese finger traps.
he shot the third finger down and snagged ramirez by the waist.
he whipped the smaller man around and held him from behind.
easton dry humped him from the back, and i grabbed the top of his head and started hip thrusting at his face.
goddamn, he tight as fuck.
switch a roo.
easton laughed, unable to fight it any longer.
i nodded and we both started to shout.
switch that ass from front to back, slap that ass and fuck the crack.
we flipped him around as he tried to swing at us.
e took the mouth and i took the ass.
ramirez squirmed, and tried to get away.
after e and i had our fill, we finally let him break free from our assault.
he swiped his hat from his head and pointed back and forth at both of us, obviously faking his anger.
yall motherfuckers ai not right.
you need jesus.
he stormed away, mumbling.
can not nobody ever be serious in this place.
he faced us from the doorway.
this is a place of business, gentlemen.
a commercial enterprise.
it is to be respected.
he scoffed and disappeared into the tunnel that led out to the field.
did you at least get to finish.
i plopped back down onto the bench.
yeah, he a swallower, so no evidence.
easton big melon of a head rotated toward me, and we both doubled over.
that guy is fucking insane.
easton sat down on the bench next to me as i pulled my chest protector over my head.
yup.
fucking hilarious.
fits right in.
that is what she said.
nice.
what was that all about anyway.
i sat down on the stool in front of my locker, facing easton.
just some hazing.
easton eyes darted away from me, toward the other side of the locker room.
cut the shit.
all that compromise bullshit.
relationship stuff.
you been doing some reading.
i cocked my head sideways and stared at him.
his face went pale.
please do not make me tell you.
he paused for a second and shrugged.
yeah, you are gonna make me tell you.
he let out a long sigh.
i have been reading some relationship books.
i tried to hold back a laugh, but i am certain he could see it building in my cheeks.
fuck it.
never mind.
he shot to his feet.
nah man.
i will be cool.
i swear.
you can tell me.
sit back down.
he lowered back to the bench, but with caution.
i am thinking he drew out the last word.
about, well, you know.
no, actually i have no clue what you are saying right now.
i truly did not.
about proposing.
and i have been trying to work on conflict resolution.
i want to be the best man i can be for kyrie, and i know i have kind of a temper.
so i have been reading books and stuff on it.
also, to umm go on.
i mashed my lips together to keep from erupting in laughter.
it was not the fact that he was doing this.
it was a good thing.
but, there was just something funny about how uncomfortable it made him, and the fact he was the size of a really cut andre the giant.
work on some of my blow ups.
when i get mad.
he dropped his face into his palms, but then quickly turned his head back up at me.
which reminds me.
this conversation is not about me and my temper.
it is about you and your dip shittery.
why the fuck did not you tell me about the trade talk with coach.
and why the fuck did you blow up on nik.
they had to keep me from driving to your house and beating your ass in the middle of the night.
regret ripped through my bones and landed in my stomach.
i do not know, okay.
i did not want to worry people.
all i have to do is tell the people who care about you.
so they can help you shoulder some of this shit.
you can not carry it all around.
and you love nik.
why the fuck would you tell her that all you care about is baseball.
do you know what that did to her.
she jokes and brushes things off, but it destroyed her.
fuck me.
i had not thought about the way she might have interpreted that.
even when she asked me the question in the driveway it did not fully sink in.
i was caught up in my own head my own bullshit.
i did not mean it like that.
you know what i am saying.
right.
like, this has been the dream since we were kids.
we worked our whole lives for it.
i guess i just assumed, i do not know, that it was compartmentalized from everything else, if that makes sense.
of course nik is a huge part of my life.
i love her.
well, like i said.
you can use your sit on my dick tricks, but that does not mean she will forgive and forget, even if she says that.
women are funny that way.
they say oh yeah, everything is great.
but it is not.
they do not forget anything.
ever.
and do not think you do not owe me.
your girlfriend hogged kyrie tits all night.
i do apologize, as that is a mortal sin.
a tit free evening is no bueno, at all.
but seriously, what the fuck am i supposed to do.
i rose.
it was almost game time.
id gone the past few days thinking nik and i were good.
apparently, i thought wrong.
i do not know, man.
you need to talk to a chick.
buying kyrie a kindle was like, the extent of my creativity.
id usually say flowers and chocolate.
but that is only good for one fuck up.
i am assuming you have already used up that freebie.
i have.
i sure have done that.
yes.
as have i.
naturally.
but, figure it out.
and when it comes to the trade thing, you need to tell me that shit up front next time.
do not be a hero.
you ai not motherfucking captain america.
his dick is way bigger than yours, and much smaller than mine.
i snorted.
deal.
alright then.
play the way you always do.
numbers will pick up.
you are the heart of the team.
everyone knows it.
nobody works harder than you.
the front office will see that.
nut the fuck up.
i already did.
in ramirez ass.
i laughed.
easton chuckled.
yeah you did.
nikki i typed the last few lines of my article on the terrors of too hot wax or the lurking danger of ingrown hairs.
all in all, i felt it was a solid piece for the beauty section.
and i could not help but smile at the thought of my name being tagged at the end.
after emailing it over to kyrie, i left my office and practically pranced over to hers.
did you get it.
she looked up from her typing, her reading glasses balanced near the tip of her nose.
what.
i sent you my wax story.
when.
she went back to her work, her fingers flying across the keys.
i do not know.
like, thirty seconds ago.
i plopped down onto her small love seat and stared at her city view.
one day id have a window office and make my attractive male secretary get me coffee and be my little bitch.
her email pinged, and she smirked at me.
i got it.
i leaned forward, anticipation sending my left foot into a tapping frenzy.
are you going to read it.
she glanced at me.
right now.
yes right now.
she laughed and shook her head.
calm down.
i will give it a look.
hang on.
a few more clicks and her eyes flew back and forth across the screen.
well.
i leaned far enough forward that there was a pretty good chance i might topple over onto the floor.
shh.
her eyes kept going back and forth like they were eating a corn cob.
the corn cob of pussy pouf maintenance.
once finished, she leaned back and gave me a grin.
needs a copy edit.
otherwise, i think it is going to work perfectly.
i clapped and squeed.
really.
yes, really.
you kept it toned down just like graciela asked.
good work.
i jumped up and ran around her desk to squeeze her.
can not breathe.
she said after several moments of me pressing her face to my chest.
sorry.
i am just so oh my god, so excited.
i can see that, and you should be.
your own byline in style and substance.
things are looking up.
soon, all this she waved a hand at the messy pile of papers on her desk can be yours.
i can not wait to make editor.
it will happen.
her assurances meant more to me than she knew.
just give it time and a few more bylines.
her face fell a little, and she peered up at me.
everything is good with braden, too, i take it.
she grabbed my hand.
i sighed and tried to answer her as best i could.
truth was, i did not know where braden and i were.
things had been so strained the past few days.
we made up.
i am just not sure if he completely over everything.
she squeezed my fingers.
are you.
i wanted to say yes, that i would forgive and forget and not think about it anymore.
but i could still hear his words in my head about how baseball was the only thing he cared about.
forgiving him was one thing.
forgetting was something else entirely.
i am working on it.
it was all i could manage and still be truthful.
it will all work out.
you two are great together.
it is just a rough patch right now.
and you did a great thing by forgiving him.
really.
her warm green eyes held so much concern for me that i had to will myself to slap on a smile instead of tearing up.
i know it will all work out.
you are right.
she dropped my hand and patted me on the ass just the way i liked.
then her tone turned back to business.
now, the key to making editor is to, one, produce great content, and two, keep producing great content.
so what is your next story idea.
i walked back to her love seat and sat on the arm.
i have not really thought of anything.
then that is your next goal.
think of a new topic something fresh and fun and bring it to me.
we will talk it over and, if it is a go, you can pitch it to graciela like you did last time.
she turned back to her computer and poised her fingers over her keyboard.
a new topic.
i chewed my lip, trying to think of something that would interest style and substance readers.
get to it.
i will send your piece on over to copy editing and let you know what graciela says, if she does not let you know herself.
she gave me one more smile.
i am proud of you on all fronts.
thanks, bestie.
any time, bestie.
i left her office feeling better about my career.
shed given me concrete feedback and shown me the way forward.
my love life did not get such direct instructions, but i held on to her assurances that braden and i belonged together, no matter what.
braden it was the bottom of the ninth, and i found myself in the same position i was in the last time i fucked up the game.
there were runners on second and third, and we were down by one run.
the opposing team coach had just called in their closer, and he was warming up.
i strolled over to coach.
just do what you did last time.
the guy got lucky.
you played it right.
coach spit some sunflower seeds into the grass.
i know.
good.
well go win the fucking game then.
he swatted me on the ass.
at least cup the balls if you are gonna spank me, coach.
i winked at him as i walked away toward the plate.
he starts three out of four hitters with a first pitch slider.
eight out of nine who bat my spot in the order.
i always did my homework.
id studied this guy over and over.
charts, pitch selections every piece of information we had.
if he threw that slider where i wanted, i knew exactly what to do with it.
i stepped into the batter box, and the crowd came alive around me.
crush this shit, b.
i was not sure how easton voice always made it above the crowd, but i could always hear it from the dugout.
with both of my feet planted in the soft dirt, it was time to go to work.
focus.
the pitcher came set and everything disappeared but the two of us.
i was not losing today.
he kicked his leg up to his chin and exploded off of his back leg toward the plate.
slider.
slider.
his arm whipped around, and he released the ball.
it was the pitch i wanted.
i rolled my shoulders back and took an inside out swing just as the ball broke sharp toward the outside corner.
i smashed it.
it was a hard shot down the first base line.
i dropped the bat and sprinted toward the bag as the first baseman laid out, reaching for the ball.
it cleared his glove by a matter of inches and curved hard.
it landed roughly two feet inside the foul line and then bounced into the right field corner.
air rushed into my lungs as i sprinted toward first.
the crowd thundered around me.
what the fuck.
i felt a soft pop in my knee and i stumbled, suspended in the air like i was in slow motion, before planting face first in the chalk line.
i raised my head up to see the right fielder scoop up the ball next to the foul pole.
my teammate that was on second was rounding third and heading for the plate to score the winning run.
but there were two outs, and i had to make it to first base, or the game was over.
wed lose.
i sprang to my feet and a dull pain radiated from my thigh down to my toes.
the front office is watching.
an injury and they will cut you for sure.
i ran as hard as i could to first base, somehow fighting through the pain ripping through my leg.
the right fielder fired the ball toward first base, knowing that throwing me out was their last chance at getting the win.
i leapt for the bag just as the ball arrived.
i could not see anything above me as i stared at the base and stretched my arms as far out as humanly possible.
my fingers slid over the top of the hard plastic, and my body followed right behind.
unable to see the umpire, i listened for the crowd to tell me if id made it in time.
a split second seemed like a thousand years.
then the place went fucking insane.
safe.
i clapped my hands out in front of my face, sending a dusty dirt cloud straight up my nose.
adrenaline coursed through my veins, and i hoped it would carry me off the field without limping.
i had to keep everything normal until i could figure out what to do about my knee.
my teammates were rushing after me, smiles plastered to their faces, some of them screaming and jumping.
fuck a goddamn duck.
i had to play it just right.
if they tackled me they might fuck up my knee worse, but if i did not let them, the front office would know i was possibly injured.
easton was in the front of the pack and i locked eyes with him.
i glanced to my knee, before holding my hand up slightly to let him know to slow down when he got to me.
he nodded.
when the stampede arrived, easton took me to the ground, and i landed with my bad knee in the air to avoid impact.
he propped himself on all fours over my knee and took the entire weight of the dog pile onto his back.
how he did it, i had no idea.
we were face to face.
nice fucking rip, man.
thanks, buddy.
i strained to lift my head toward his ear.
help me as much as you can, but do not let anyone see.
okay.
after a few moments, the dog pile finally cleared, and easton helped me to my feet.
my knee was pretty fucked, but it could easily just be a bad bruise that would heal on its own in a day or two.
id play through it like usual.
the shit happened to catchers all the time.
while surrounded by all the guys, easton kept his arm out for me to hold onto for support as i walked.
when we were about ten feet from the dugout, everyone scattered, and i nodded at him.
he let go.
i gritted my teeth and walked the last ten feet to the dugout on my own like nothing was wrong.
it hurt so fucking bad i could not even look at nik.
that crushed me more than anything.
easton and coach stood in front of me after most of the players had gone.
people had big mouths, and i could not risk any information getting back to the gm.
once sure everyone had left, coach turned to me.
how bad.
it is not that bad, coach.
the fuck.
easton drew out his syllables, and he turned to coach.
i had to take the weight of the pile so they did not land on him.
and then help him off the field until the guys scattered.
i still do not know how he walked the last ten feet like that.
he did not even look at his girlfriend, so i know it is worse than not that bad.
he shook his head.
you can fucking trust us.
we are on your side.
but you need to tell the truth.
stop trying to shoulder everything.
coach folded his arms over his chest and scowled.
he right you know.
for once.
oh, eat me.
easton chuckled, as did i.
look, it could be bad.
it could be bruised.
i do not know.
i pulled off a cleat.
did you feel a pop.
asked easton.
i dropped my gaze to the ground.
easton ran both hands up behind his head, and he arched his back as he looked up.
he has to go to a doctor.
fuck you.
i tried to stand up and hobbled for a second.
i am not going to a doctor.
ai not happening.
boys.
calm the fuck down.
this shit does not solve anything.
easton paced back and forth.
he felt a pop.
you heard him.
his knee what is that about a knee.
the three of us turned our heads in the direction of the voice.
rick ingram, the general manager of the team, walked in.
he was mid thirties and the smuggest fuck on the planet.
hed been a big time sports analyst, and had devised a system using math and statistics to value baseball players.
he saw us as numbers, not people, and gave no points for any intangibles like leadership or character.
he was a cunt o potamus rex.
huh.
coach voice boomed as ingram strolled over.
i heard something about a knee.
what is up.
you okay, braden.
a devilish smile formed on ingram face.
just fine, sir.
i prayed he would not ask me to stand.
i needed ice in the worst way, and then a whirlpool soak, and then for nik to sit on my dick.
then id be fine.
vanderbakken.
we all stared at coach.
what.
he shrugged.
he tore his acl last week.
catcher for the a.
that is who we were talking about.
it was true.
id read about it a couple days ago.
oh, right.
ingram brushed off the sleeve of his suit with distaste.
he acted as if he hated having to come down and mingle with his lowly players.
he turned his stare from braden to coach, and he motioned toward coach office.
yep.
you guys behave.
but enjoy the win.
great fucking hit, braden.
you really saved our asses tonight.
i do not know what wed do without you.
coach glowered at ingram as he spoke, then stomped over to his office.
finally, they shut the door and i whipped my head up to meet easton stare.
get me out of here, quick.
nikki i wish i could get in bed with you.
i sighed and fastened the back to my earring.
my mom had called and invited me, just me, for dinner again.
id refused.
then she sent my dad, who claimed my mom wanted to apologize, to visit me at work.
worry had laced his voice and crinkled his forehead.
the scene the prior week had them on edge about braden.
i could not hide from mom forever, unfortunately, so i intended to get it over with.
maybe theyd listen to me if i could talk to them one on one.
braden was going to be a part of my life with or without them.
i just had to make them understand.
you look beautiful.
braden placed his hands behind his head.
i twirled so he could see all of me.
my white top draped along my breasts, and my navy skirt fell to the middle of my thigh.
he made an mmm sound.
good enough to eat.
speaking of that, come sit on my face.
i arched a brow at him and put in my other earring.
you are having a majorly lazy day.
have you even been out of bed.
you are in the same spot you were in when i left for work.
he shifted lower so he was lying flat on his back.
come on over.
i have not shaved in a couple days either.
so this is officially a mustache ride.
i giggled and walked through the bathroom and into the closet to find some shoes.
i am serious, he called.
no, you are not.
you are just trying to make me later than i already am.
i snagged a pair of strappy, silver sandals and returned to the bedroom.
if you do not get over here, i will drag you.
he raised up on an elbow and gave me a smoldering stare that went straight to my pussy.
his broad chest was covered with a light dusting of dark hair, and the covers had slid down to reveal his muscled abs.
the sheet began to tent over his cock.
i licked my lips and rubbed my thighs together.
braden tell me no again and you will get a spanking.
then you will have to explain to mommy and daddy why you can not sit down at dinner.
my knees went weak.
oh my god.
you are awful.
he leaned back and grinned.
yes, yes i am.
now get that pussy on my face.
my nipples hardened painfully against the molded cups of my bra.
i wanted a spanking, of course, but i also wanted to be able to sit normally when i met with my parents.
then again, it seemed obvious that, when faced with having my pussy eaten or not having my pussy eaten, i should always go with having my pussy eaten.
even if it made me late to dinner.
nikki okay, okay.
i slid my panties to the floor and walked to the bed.
before i could climb on top, braden grabbed me around the waist and lifted me onto his chest.
he shoved my skirt up to my hips and stared between my legs.
i am starving.
braden.
i put a hand to my throat, my heart suddenly beating too fast.
show me your tits.
he grabbed my ass and pulled me toward the head of the bed.
i moved my knees so they were above his shoulders, my pussy hovering right above his face.
he wrenched the fabric of my skirt tight around my stomach and stared up at me as i lifted my shirt and pulled my bra down.
my pussy tingled each time he exhaled, and goosebumps rose all over my skin as he stared at my tits.
pinch your nipples.
he kneaded my ass.
i did as he said, pinching my nipples and moaning from my own touch.
that is my good girl.
he wrapped his hands around my upper thighs and pulled me down onto his mouth.
oh, jesus.
my head fell back when he licked me from my entrance to my clit.
i tried to lift up from him a little, to give him some space.
he was not having it.
his hands tightened on my thighs, pulling my full weight down onto him as he growled into my wet skin.
he licked again and stopped.
i peered down at him, and he began swirling his tongue around my clit, but when i looked at the headboard, he stopped.
you want me to watch.
i pinched my nipples harder and rocked my hips against his lips as he nodded.
i kept my gaze locked on his as he pressed his tongue inside me.
his kissing skills translated well from my mouth to my pussy.
i cupped my tits and let my hips go, riding his face in long, slow movements.
he increased his tempo, focusing on my most sensitive spot and gripping my thighs hard enough to leave bruises.
each swipe of his tongue sent a jolt of pleasure through me, and tension pooled low in my hips.
my movements became shorter and faster as he ran the broadside of his tongue against my clit again and again.
i closed my eyes for a moment.
when he stopped, i wanted to slap him.
instead, i opened my eyes.
the skin around his eyes crinkled as he smiled against me and began licking again.
fucker.
i glared and then squealed as he popped my ass with a smack.
he intensified his efforts, and i rode him hard, the way he liked it.
i ground my pussy down on him, giving him every bit of me to lick and suck.
my thighs began to tremble, and i kept my gaze firmly fixed on his hazel eyes.
he did that thing where he flicked me with the tip of his tongue, then bore down and sucked.
i was gone, moaning low in my throat as my hips seized and i came with a thumping orgasm.
he shook his head back and forth, sending tiny explosions rocketing through my body until every circuit was overloaded.
i leaned against the headboard and finally closed my eyes.
he licked a few more times, then scooted my hips down a little and grinned up at me.
you go on to your parents house and get some grub.
i am all good here.
you.
are.
ridiculous.
i said between pants.
i wanted to kiss him, but contortionist was not in my repertoire.
nope.
just full of delicious pussy.
he ran his hands across my ass and gave my mound a hard kiss.
and if they ask, feel free to tell your parents i already ate.
braden did not mind fending for himself for dinner, did he.
mother asked with faux concern as we sat down at the table.
i could not stop the smile that spread across my face.
he did just fine.
do not worry.
i hate that i missed the chance to meet him.
ben, my older brother, smiled warmly at me.
i had not realized how much id missed him.
he worked in a bigger city a few hours away and rarely came home.
you will meet him soon.
maybe you can come to a game with me.
that would be awesome.
do you get good seats.
his light brown hair needed a cut, but he was otherwise well put together in a simple button down and jeans.
the best.
right behind home plate.
i smiled, warming at the thought of having an ally at the table.
count me in.
my father cleared his throat and leaned forward, elbows on the table.
speaking of braden, wed like to talk about what happened.
your mother and i need to know what sort of future you see with him.
way to start the heavy shit as early as possible.
i placed my napkin in my lap as the cook set the salad course in front of me.
i see a long future with him.
my mother coughed dryly, but i continued, he the only man i have ever felt this way about.
i am in love with him.
whenever i think about him, i smile.
as if on cue, the corners of my lips turned up at the thought of the orgasm hed given me before id left the apartment.
we argue sometimes, sure.
we have tiffs like the one here.
though, in his defense, he was goaded into that.
i shot a pointed look at my mother, who avoided my gaze.
but we always make up.
we are always there for each other.
he the one.
but he has a temper.
my father speared a piece of lettuce.
i crossed my arms.
not really.
that scene, caused by carter, was completely out of character for him.
are you saying i missed a scene.
ben ran a hand through his hair and chuckled.
why do i always miss the good stuff.
i nodded.
mom decided she would invite carter over for dinner at the same time i was bringing braden to meet them.
mom.
ben slung his arm around her shoulders and squeezed.
come on, you know that was not cool.
hed always had a way with her.
maybe it was because he was the oldest or maybe because he was a boy, but mom always caved when it came to ben.
relief began to surge inside me just from knowing he was on my side.
she pursed her lips.
well, i just thought you are too smart for your own good.
he squeezed her again before going back to his salad.
so, if carter and braden were here together, of course there was some sort of a fight, right.
despite ben efforts, mom seemed undeterred.
braden is not the sort of man i pictured you with.
he so, so angry.
and he uneducated.
he knows what he needs to know to succeed at baseball.
that is his career.
i shrugged.
but what will he do after his career is over.
my father eyes softened, and he put a hand on my upper arm.
he got what, five good years of baseball left, if that.
his knees will go eventually.
it happens to all catchers.
then what is his plan.
you have always been a hard worker, setting goals and knocking them down.
mom told me how you are writing an article for style and substance now, already moving up.
you have a bright future.
we are so proud of you.
we just want to make sure you are not chaining yourself to someone who does not share your work ethic.
i fidgeted in my seat.
braden and i had never talked about what his plans were after baseball.
did he have some sort of backup career.
what would he do when the seasons were over.
dad withdrew his hand, and the room fell silent as the cook replaced our salad plates with the main course prime rib, roasted vegetables, and baked potatoes.
he will find something else after baseball.
we will figure it out together.
my voice had lost some of its strength, but i tried to sit a little taller to make up for it.
that is how we do everything.
together.
dad cut into his prime rib and made an oomph noise.
mom shifted in her seat, and i suspected shed kicked him under the table.
he began, you know, i am still involved in certain baseball circles.
he glanced at mom but continued, i was talking to a friend of the ravens gm the other day after a round of golf at the club.
he mentioned that braden might be traded.
has he discussed that with you.
mom could not contain her triumphant smile.
id wipe that right off for her.
we have discussed it.
it is one of the reasons he was so upset the other night.
the trade talks were weighing on him.
maybe if youd treated him like a person instead of some sort of insect you needed to brush away, he would have shared that information.
i was telling the truth, mostly.
i did not mention that he had not even told me until we were standing in the front yard and he was yelling at me.
i winced at the memory.
id resolved to forgive him for it, to try and forget it.
but it still hurt all the same.
mom smile fell away, and at least i got a slice of satisfaction from dousing her smugness.
and that is why he yelled wait.
ben eyes narrowed.
he yelled at you.
just a little.
nothing crazy.
mom smile was back.
ben pinched the bridge of his nose.
just a little.
he lucky i do not kick his ass.
no guy yells at you, understand.
i stared at him.
you are yelling right now.
i am your brother.
he clanged his fork on his plate.
i get to yell when you act like an idiot and let some guy walk all over you.
ben was so even keeled that his anger took me off guard.
i needed him on my side.
it was not like that.
when you meet him, you will see.
i promise, he never yelled before.
it was just that one time.
one time too many, ben grumbled.
please have some faith in me.
i would never be with a guy who mistreated me, okay.
i tucked my hair behind my ears and stared down at my plate as tears burned behind my eyes.
my parents.
i could handle their disapproval.
but my brother, too.
ben took a deep breath and, in a calmer voice, asked, so, where are they thinking of sending him.
he was throwing me a bone.
id take it and run with it.
he does not know.
they have not actually sat down and discussed it yet.
there will be a meeting next week, i think.
i picked at my food and tried to regain the same confidence i had when i left the apartment, fully satisfied with myself and my boyfriend.
are you okay with leaving your job, though.
ben asked.
especially now that you are getting more responsibilities.
does not it bother him that he will be taking you away from all that.
he has not my fingers went cold as i realized what i was about to say.
he has not asked me to go with him.
my voice was small, almost as small as i felt.
thank god.
my mother drained her glass and motioned for another.
disappointment hit me so hard in the chest that i thought it might bruise.
even after braden and i had made up and discussed the trade issue, hed never asked if id go with him.
hed talked about places he did not want to go or teams he would not mind joining.
hed even discussed the costs of moving all his things.
but never once did he ask, or even mention, that id be at his side.
nik, you okay.
ben placed his napkin next to his plate and rose.
yes, i am fine.
i stood and held out my palm toward him.
stay, finish your meal.
i am not feeling so great.
i think i will go.
nikki, please stay.
dad pleading tone joined ben concerned look and made my insides heave.
they pitied me, and it almost broke me down to tears.
i could not let it.
i straightened my back, wiped an errant tear from my cheek, and strode toward the front door.
i can not.
i have something i need to do.
braden i heard a rattling against the door handle.
fuck me.
nik home early.
grabbing the remote, i clicked the power button and turned the tv on.
the laptop tumbled over onto the floor, and the wireless mouse rolled under the coffee table.
son of a fuck.
i shot back against the cushion, doing my best to act normal.
nik pushed the door open.
hey, babe.
i was waiting for my dessert course.
i made a show of scrubbing my hand across my mouth and face like i was clearing her a space.
i am good.
her tone was flat, and she did not even look at me.
what the hell.
her usual spark was gone.
she sauntered over to the side table, and dropped her keys and bag on it.
i glanced down at the laptop screen full of porn.
fuck.
id been researching some new shit to try out with her, but there was no way shed believe me.
my gaze drifted to the mouse way up under the table.
there was no chance i could get to it without giving away my knee situation.
using my good leg, i tried to gently kick the computer screen closed, and, of course, it only opened wider.
have you moved from the couch all night.
did you even shower.
she sighed, still facing the wall like she had no interest in looking at me.
what is wrong, babe.
what happened.
my mind raced.
a lot could have occurred at estate de cuntmuffin that would set her off.
id been worried the whole time she was gone.
i am fine.
she turned around, and i watched her eyes dart straight to the computer screen.
her brows pinched together and her hands went to her hips.
fuck me.
this will not be good.
nice, braden.
real fucking nice.
it is not what you think.
i do not look at porn.
i stared in the other direction and mumbled.
often.
your fingers slip and accidentally type in fuckmedaddy.com.
she scowled and began to pace back and forth.
id expected her to be upset about the porn, but not this much.
i was halfway hoping shed want to look at it with me.
no.
i was trying to find new stuff to try out on you.
if you must know.
her lips curled like she might smile, and then they mashed back into a thin line.
so close.
have they said if you are going to be traded or not.
she took another step toward me, ignoring all of the pussy acrobatics flashing on the laptop.
no.
i tilted my head to my lap and ground my teeth while i tried to compose myself.
id been trying to forget about that shit all day, but the pain in my knee kept it front and center in my mind.
she made a pfft sound and threw her arms in the air.
babe, i am sorry.
i know i am supposed to have a clue what you are upset about.
i just do not.
a million things rocketed through my mind at once and brought my entire thought process to a crashing halt.
my brain buffered slower than the inverted cowgirl pussy nomming scene id attempted to watch earlier.
nik scowled, and then folded her arms across her chest.
she stared me down like a closer in the ninth inning.
think really really hard about the problem we have.
my eyes rolled up toward the ceiling.
uhh, your parents.
i glanced back and tried to judge her reaction.
she made a loud sound like a buzzer that startled me.
fucking hell.
i mean, umm, me being traded.
i held my hands up and shrugged.
warmer.
she took another step toward me.
i hated this fucking guessing game.
why could not she just say it.
heat rushed into my face, and my body tensed.
can you just tell me.
please.
stop fucking around with me.
i smacked my hand against the back of the sofa, and nik jumped.
maybe my parents were right.
maybe you do have anger issues.
she stomped off a few steps and whipped back around.
easton.
take that shit back.
you know i do not.
maybe your goddamn family just brings it out of everyone.
maybe you are more like your mo i froze stiff on the couch, and my eyes bugged out.
i held up my hands.
i stopped myself.
you heard me.
i did not say it.
it was too late.
i thought my head was going to explode the way nik glowered in my direction.
her hands were squeezed into fists at her sides, and i could see all the whites of her knuckles.
she started toward me like a possessed demon.
did you say what i think you said.
do not answer, braden.
that shit is rhetorical.
adapt and survive.
i shook my head quickly and braced myself in case she resorted to physical violence.
when she was about three feet away, i covered my face with my hands.
i waited, and nothing happened.
i peeked between my fingers, and she stood in front of me.
her words came through gritted teeth.
through all your bullshit pity party, and your fucking blow up at my parents that was not all my she held up her hand, and i shut the fuck up immediately.
you have wallowed around and discussed moving your shit, packing your shit, cities you are okay with, places you will not go but you never once asked me to go with you.
babe, i i closed my mouth.
she did not let me speak, and would not believe me now if i tried.
you said baseball is all you have got.
you made that very clear to me, braden.
and you know what.
you are absolutely right.
she turned on her heel, and i watched as she walked out the door.
jumping up to my feet to chase her, pain ripped through my knee and shot down my leg.
i stumbled for a second and then beefed it face first onto the carpet.
i stared around at my house from the floor, looking up at everything i owned.
nothing in my life meant shit without her.
id definitely hit rock bottom.
of course i wanted her to go with me.
it was a given.
i figured she just knew that.
that is if i even had to leave at all.
i bounced my forehead on the floor.
my entire life was falling apart over a hypothetical situation.
i had to talk to someone.
i hobbled to the table and grabbed my phone.
flicking through my contacts, i stared at the only girl i could talk to about shit like this.
i cringed as i tapped kasey number.
aye, what the bloody hell.
patrick squinted and leaned over the bar to get a good look at me.
braden.
that you.
the place was empty, as usual, as i hobbled up to a stool.
yeah.
do not ask.
it was darker than normal, which was no surprise to me, considering i had on the blackest pair of sunglasses i could find and a cowboy hat nik had made me wear to some western themed party.
fuck, son.
yall right in tha head.
ya walk like someone fucked ya sideways.
he tried to hold back a chuckle, and failed.
on any other day id have laughed with him, but the pain of nik leaving was still a dagger in my chest.
hurt my knee during the game.
can not let anyone know.
he held up an empty pint glass and gestured toward the tap.
indeed.
i let out a long sigh as i sat down and propped my elbows on the bar top.
the front door swung open.
patrick and i both turned to look.
what in the kasey doubled over in laughter, pointing right at me.
after a few seconds that lasted far too long, she tried to compose herself, but chortled uncontrollably when she tried to speak.
i just can not she started toward me, her face reddening more with each step.
what in the virgin mary cunt drapes are you wearing, doyle brunson.
you been playing texas cuckold em at the bellatio spa and resort again.
she doubled over at her own joke.
keep them coming.
i have all day.
patrick sat the pint in front of me, and i drank down a few large gulps.
okay.
i am done.
she leaned over and examined my glasses and the hat.
i had a great one about chokeback mountman, but you ruined it with your debbie downer ways.
now, why am i here.
i need advice.
shit happened between me and nik.
i stared down into my glass and watched the tiny bubbles float around.
her brow furrowed.
why does everyone think i am the dr.
phil of pussy around here.
patrick chuckled in the corner.
he usually tried to stay out of our conversations, but kasey was loud enough for the whole damn city to hear.
kasey turned to him.
hey there, lover.
sorry for being rude and not saying hi.
i was distracted by sideshow bob over here.
can you say fuck ass for me once.
she grinned.
id do anything for you, love.
he polished a rocks glass with his bar towel.
but i will not do that.
you meatloafin son of a bitch, you.
kasey eyes flitted back to me.
i grumbled.
can you fucking focus for two seconds.
whatd you do.
why do you assume i am the one at fault.
i yanked my sunglasses from my face and sat my hat on the counter.
you risked going in public looking like that to talk to me.
you definitely fucked up bad.
fair point.
first, i am wearing the stupid shit because i hurt my knee the other night.
i do not need people taking pictures of me hobbling around town.
ingram does not know about it.
secondly, during all the bullshit that is gone down, i never specifically asked nikki if shed go with me if i was traded.
kasey jaw flexed and i leaned away from her, thinking she might punch the shit out of me.
you did what.
i just assumed she would.
i mean we are together, right.
i figured that keeps going unless we break up.
she muttered under her breath.
idiot.
look, kase.
she left me.
i am miserable.
how do i get her back.
you men make it so easy for me, i swear.
if i did not like you, id have her legs spread like wings tonight while i dined in first class.
so, fate is on your side.
she tilted her head back to stare up for a moment, and then returned her gaze to me.
her eyes opened wider, as if a light bulb went off in her head.
you need a grand gesture.
well, i thought about like flowers and a card.
my head whipped to the side when she smacked me above my ear.
do not be a fucking easton.
he the stupid one.
you are a sweet guy.
what is this shit i have heard about you blowing up and yelling at people.
that is not you.
what was my deal.
i thought i had everything under control.
but now, id lost the woman i loved and was about to lose my job.
so it needs to be a big gesture, right.
with umm, thought behind it.
not just money.
kasey began a steady, slow clap and mocked me with her tone.
he has returned from twatville, ladies and gents.
leaving the ass bag easton holliday as the only remaining resident.
i grinned.
but what should i do.
as a gesture.
kasey rubbed her chin.
i have an idea.
nikki darling.
mom sank onto my bed and patted my thigh.
while i am glad to have you home for the weekend, i wish you were not having so many problems with that braden.
i squinted against the morning light and did my best to glare at her.
things were going fine until you threw carter in his face.
my voice faltered when i realized my words were not true.
things had not been fine ever since braden season started going south.
instead of sharing his problems or fears with me, hed turned inward.
now, i was sleeping in my old room, ruffle bedspread and all, and he was alone in our apartment.
how did all of this get so fucked up.
mom tsked and sipped her coffee, the delicious smell the only thing keeping me from falling apart.
id wanted to go to kyrie after my confrontation with braden, but i did not want to be a cock block again.
nothing was worse than a cock block, except for maybe a monumental cock tease.
i may have committed the former a time or two, but never the latter.
i pressed my head down into my pillow and pulled my blanket over my face.
just go away.
despite what you think, i want to help.
your father and i are worried about you.
can you just she sighed.
can you just take a little break from him maybe.
see what else is out there.
tears stung behind my eyes and i shook my head.
my warm breath filled the small pocket beneath the blanket, but id rather suffocate than cry over a boy in front of my mom.
i told you.
he it for me.
she pulled the blanket from my face and ran her hand over my cheek.
the kind gesture spurred more tears.
i was turning into an emotional wreck.
she swiped a tear from the corner of my eye.
i know, nik.
i do.
but are you it for him.
there was no sting in her words, none of the usual conniving, only concern.
resolve broken.
i sat up and hugged her as more tears coursed down my cheeks.
she set her coffee cup on my bedside table and wrapped her arms around me.
i thought i was.
i thought he loved me.
but he been acting so strange lately.
he so angry, and i do not know what to do to fix it.
he has not hurt you, has he.
no.
one thing i was sure of was that hed never raise a hand to me.
the opposite was more likely.
when he left his shaving gunk including gooey shaving cream peppered with the tiny hairs from his face in the sink two weeks ago, i had a vivid mental image of punching him out.
i am not afraid of him.
i have threatened to cut off his dick in his sleep before, and he did not bat an eyelash.
she tittered out a small laugh.
i am not surprised.
you have always been let is just say, fiery.
i have been called worse.
i sniffled.
i just do not understand him right now.
she smoothed a hand down my hair, her familiar scent of lavender and pricey scotch comforting me more than anything else could.
i miss this.
her words were soft, barely a whisper.
i miss you, too.
i squeezed her tight and wiped my face all over her luxury bath robe.
nik.
what.
i laughed.
terry cloth is made for snot and tears, very absorbent and stuff.
she pushed me out to arm length and shook her head, her usual pinched look replacing the much needed softness.
what am i going to do with you.
you are going to let me make my own mistakes.
i flopped back down into bed and stared up at the recently hand painted ceiling.
mom had decided to make the house feel more french.
as a result, fat little cherubs smiled down at me, likely fantasizing about jizzing all over me while i slept.
it did not matter.
i was fucked with or without an angelic bukkake.
she followed my gaze to the overdone mural.
you like what jacques did.
i think it looks elegant.
i liked it better when it was simple.
problem was, i did not know if i was talking about the jizztine chapel overhead or my relationship with braden.
this is so not my color.
i spun in the dressing room mirrors, all three reflecting the pink confection of a dress my mother had picked.
over the years, the graves had suffered plenty of hardships when the good caviar was out of season, when that one maid failed to do proper hospital corners when she made the beds, or even that time when kerfuffles, mom prized dandie dinmont terrier, destroyed my father autographed baseball from the world series where don larsen threw a perfect game.
each time there was a setback, the graves rallied in the only way we knew how.
we shopped.
i was not into it like mom, but if buying me new clothes got her off my back about braden and finally gave me some breathing room i was all for it.
i could not go back to the apartment, not until i knew what my course of action would be.
so, a day of shopping did not sound so bad while i mulled things over.
i think you look lovely in it.
my mother walked around, her critical eye examining it from every angle.
what will i wear it to.
my quinceaera.
i am sure you have plenty of weddings to attend next spring.
in this, you will outshine the bride.
she smiled.
yes, mom, because my goal is always to ruin the bride special day by flouncing around in a sherbet colored dress and flashing my panties at all the boys, including the groom.
i stepped down from the modeling podium and walked into my separate changing area.
i did not mention that i had, on plenty of occasions, bagged a groomsman or two at my friends weddings, often using similar tactics to what i just described.
mom gave an over dramatic sigh.
stop being difficult, and try on the next dress.
this one is the newest from the valentino line.
the snooty shopping assistant reassured my mother that she was, for certain, buying the most expensive shit in all of saks.
i wish i could have been at the runway show.
it was faboosh, beyond transcendentine, positively luxotic.
those are not words, i muttered and fought the zipper on my mother next selection.
this one was not so bad.
it was a sky blue sheath that fell mid thigh and had an interesting peasant top ruffle at the bust line.
i walked out and stood on the podium as the assistant a man wearing more makeup than i owned flittered about and crowed about the fit.
mom took a swig of the complimentary champagne.
cyrano, she looks like a barmaid.
i smiled at myself in the mirror.
it is my favorite one so far.
tit tastic.
if a dress made it look like i had actual breasts that were bigger than a teacup, then i was sold.
an excellent choice.
the bodice is ahead of its time.
i have a feeling peasant will be in three years from now.
cyrano if that was actually his name twirled one side of his too thick mustache and affected a lisp that screamed flamer.
but he was not fooling me.
id seen him checking out my tits and ass while i modeled my dresses.
he was straight, but likely knew that pretending to like the dick was the surest way to get commissions in a saks dressing room.
let is test this theory.
i smirked and headed back into the changing area.
after yanking my zipper halfway down, i called, my zipper is stuck.
cyrano, a little help.
he pushed through the white curtain and let it fall behind him.
his eyes took in my bare back and bra strap.
i can not quite get it.
i smiled at him in the mirror.
allow me, mademoiselle.
he gripped the zipper and pulled it down easily.
there we are.
i let the dress fall to the floor and turned to face him.
his gaze froze on my tits, then lowered to the lace over my pussy.
i plucked at the edge of my panties, pulling them away from my hip.
then i looked at him through my lashes.
do you think id have to go without panties in that dress.
did you see a line.
he licked his lips.
i i think his voice had lowered two octaves in the space of ten seconds.
when i saw his boner at war with the front of his skinny pants, i laughed.
so busted.
quit ogling my pussy, and go entertain my mom.
what.
he cleared his throat and raised his voice into a nasal pitch again.
oh, vaginas are so icky.
i would never tell it to your boner.
i crossed my arms over my chest and gave his crotch a pointed stare.
he dropped the act.
look, i make good money this way, okay.
when i played it straight, women never took my style advice.
style is my life, and this is the only way i can be around it and make money at it.
please do not say anything.
guilt filtered through me, and i dropped my arms.
i am not judging.
well, i am not now, anyway.
i was just messing with you.
he smiled a little.
what gave me away.
your roving eye.
i have been trying to work on that, but when i see a beautiful woman.
he gestured at me.
i can not help it sometimes.
an idea struck me like a wild pitch.
you get the inside scoop on designer clothes and what the customers come in here looking for all the time, right.
he ran his thumbs up and down his bright pink suspenders.
yeah.
it is kind of my job.
i will tell you what wait, what is your name.
cyrano.
i rolled my eyes.
no, your real name.
his shoulders drooped.
cyrus.
okay, cyrus.
you agree to let me interview you for my magazine, and i will not tell everyone what a true pussy fiend you are.
sound like a deal.
magazine.
he twirled his mustache.
i work for style and substance.
his eyes lit up, and he grabbed my upper arms.
are you shitting me.
i shook my head.
not even a little shitting.
not so much as a shart.
yes.
he nearly shouted.
then he ran his hands down my arms.
sorry about that.
it is just, that is my favorite fashion mag.
it is so down to earth but also classy beyond belief.
his enthusiasm had my mind whirling in all different directions, but first things first.
good.
i plucked one of his business cards from the front pocket of his plaid shirt.
i will be in touch, cyrano.
after mom bought the ruffle dress and then guilted the quinceaera dress on me, despite my protests, we finally left saks and meandered around some other high end shops.
she picked out some obscenely expensive bags and shoes, then we stopped to eat at one of the upscale restaurants within the shopping center.
we have a reservation.
graves.
mom handed her bags to the matre d, as if it were perfectly acceptable to treat restaurant staff like bell hops.
he paused for a moment, then took her bags and passed them off to another server for safekeeping.
right this way, mrs.
graves.
we followed him through a sea of tables covered in white cloths and fresh floral arrangements.
one of your number has already arrived.
he stepped aside and showed us to a table.
carter sat facing me, his eyes traveling down the length of my body.
irritation rose inside me, and i hissed into mom ear, what the hell are you doing.
having lunch.
she took the only chair across the round table from carter, forcing me to either sit at his side or skip lunch.
since option two simply was not something i was prepared to do, i grabbed the chair next to carter and yanked it away from him.
i sat between the two of them, not sure who i should glare at the hardest.
you look beautiful.
carter gave a self satisfied smile.
he wore a light green button down shirt, the collars cuffed to give an air of ease.
instead of relaxed, i was on edge.
i ordered a glass of wine from the first server i saw and settled in to play the silent game.
how was shopping.
i stared at him, my lips pressed together in childish rebellion.
it may have been juvenile, but it felt so good to see his cheery demeanor fade each second i refused to respond.
mom cut in, we found some lovely things.
nikki has a few new dresses, and one was particularly gorgeous on her.
pink has always been her color.
carter smirked.
i have always liked pink, too, especially since nikki wears it so well.
he smoothed his hand along my thigh under the table.
mom, completely oblivious, took a drink of her wine as our server placed a small loaf of baguette on the table.
i slapped carter hand away and stood.
it hurt to give up on a free lunch, but i could not deal with them anymore.
their plotting was beginning to feel like a dry dick in my ass.
i think i will get a cab home.
nikki, darling no, i have had enough.
i grabbed my wine glass and downed it, then snatched the crusty bread and the little butter dish that came with it.
some things were sacred, after all.
i turned and stormed out, ignoring my mother embarrassed pleas.
the shopping center was built like a town center, with cobblestone streets and stores lining each side.
as soon as i left, the sun hit me, along with the smell of popcorn and freshly mowed grass.
if i closed my eyes, it was as if i were at the ballpark with braden out in front of me, smiling and going to work.
my heart felt suddenly lighter than it had the past few days.
i ripped the bread in half and dug it into the whipped butter before taking a huge bite.
the baguette was buttery and warm, and stealing it was by far the best decision id made in weeks.
i walked a few more steps and readied to take another bite when a hand gripped my elbow almost painfully.
carter whipped me around, sending my bread and butter flying onto the cobblestones.
unforgiveable.
hey, fucker he pressed me into a kiss and wrapped his arms around me, caging me against his body.
i yelled into his mouth, and he took the opportunity to sink his tongue deep enough to make me gag.
he bent me backward, and i clutched at him to try and keep my balance.
i would knee him as soon as i got the chance, and he would know to never touch me again.
nikki.
braden voice cut through my anger, and before i had the chance to use my knee, carter was on his back.
braden i hobbled around the store, trying to wrap my head around why everything was so expensive.
yes, maam.
can you tell me about this here louis pee dong number.
kasey winked at me, and then smiled at the sales lady.
i almost doubled over until my knee buckled.
fuck.
it was not getting any better, and itd been days since the game.
it is louis vuitton, and it is probably out of your price range.
the woman snidely told kasey.
you are lucky you look hot as balls in that skirt.
so i am going to let that one slide.
kasey waved a flippant hand at the woman and then walked over to me.
you sure this is nik favorite shit.
it is ugly as fuck and the price of a car.
it looks like someone shit shakespeare font all over the side of it.
maybe your car, the sales lady muttered and walked back over to the counter.
kasey head whipped around.
she got tude.
and a hot ass.
i am gonna make her hum louis vuitton on the ol clitty bean later.
can you focus.
this was your idea.
you are going to get us kicked out, and this is the only place that sells nik favorite shit.
i scowled but wanted to laugh.
she was so going to turn that sales lady out later.
fine, braden.
fuckin a, sir.
you are lucky i like you.
kasey walked over to the counter.
though she was the most vulgar person in the entire store, she was also likely the hottest.
tall for a girl, and with blonde hair that plenty of women would kill for, she had a graceful body but a sailor mouth.
i hoped she would turn on the charm and make the entire process smoother.
she leaned against the counter.
what is your name, my pretty.
the sales lady glanced up.
gwen.
her tone warmed a bit.
kasey leaned closer to her, almost conspiratorially.
lookie here, lovely gwen.
i apologize, for, you know, making fun of your fancy ass bags, and the name of your store, and a number of other transgressions i have yet to commit.
but here the thing my friend over there she tilted her head toward me, he looks like a derelict, hobbling around like a homeless ass bag.
but, he actually a major league baseball player who just does not know how to dress properly.
he had a split with his woman, and he trying to get her back.
can you help us pick something.
kase moved closer and whispered something magical, because gwen cheeks turned pink before she smiled and walked over to me.
kasey followed behind her and gave me a thumbs up with a giant smile plastered across her face.
gwen heels clacked against the tile floor.
i glanced around, wondering what the price of all the bags in the store would add up to.
so, i understand you are looking for something for a woman.
how did kasey always pull this shit off.
one minute, women would be disgusted, and the next they were spreading their legs for her.
yes, i kind of screwed up.
kind of.
she put her hands on her hips.
i fucked up big, okay.
help me.
i held my hands up as a peace offering, and she grinned.
well, i need to know what you are wanting your gift to express.
i might be trad i paused and collected my thoughts.
trade information was not common knowledge, especially amongst the fans.
i did not think the woman knew anything about baseball, but i had to be careful all the same.
we may be traveling a lot.
away games and stuff.
i thought if i got her some new luggage, it would suggest i want her to go with me.
well, i think that is sweet.
like your ass.
kasey was a few feet away running her finger across a bag and checking it for dust.
gwen face turned a brighter pink.
your friend is a trip.
she something all right.
anyway, can you help me.
i brushed my clammy hands on my jeans.
right this way.
we walked over to a corner where an entire luggage set was on display.
she waved a hand through the air, and the pitch in her voice changed to that of a game show announcer.
this is our top of the line collection.
she would love this set.
it has three different sized trolley cases, travel bag, cosmetic pouch, toiletry kit, and jewelry case.
all the highest quality luggage you can own.
she would travel in style and turn heads.
i scrubbed a hand over my chin.
what do you think, kasey.
kasey stood there ogling gwen ass in her skirt.
yeah, yeah.
sure.
fuck me.
i am on my own.
so what is something like this run.
i shook my head at kasey, and she shrugged, then i turned back to gwen.
this set is twenty thousand, and comes with a lifetime warranty.
i coughed and choked out a few words.
i am sorry, twenty thousand.
american dollars.
kasey glared in my direction.
you wanted a grand gesture, right.
gwen smiled, as though the lifetime warranty somehow justified the price tag.
i stood there for a moment, staring at all the fucking bags that supposedly would get nikki back.
i turned to kasey.
you are sure this will work.
i was willing to pay ten times that much if it meant nik was back in my life and happy.
nothing is one hundred percent.
but if you still have a shot, this will do it.
it was the most serious kasey had been all day.
fuck it.
ring them up.
yolo, motherfucker.
kasey held out a fist.
i tapped my knuckles on hers.
gwen clapped her hands and practically skipped back to the counter.
kasey seized on the opportunity and smacked her on the ass, eliciting a squeal and a smile.
this is so romantic.
gwen tapped buttons on a screen with her bright red nails while kasey leaned on the counter.
it sure is.
i may let you buy me dinner with your lotto winnings from this sale.
kasey looked over at me and hip thrusted the counter while gwen kept ringing things up.
i may just take you up on that offer.
gwen smiled, and continued typing in the sales information.
kasey nudged me and whispered in my ear, looks like i will be nomming the pink taco later.
thanks, motherfucker, it only cost me twenty grand.
my brows lowered as i glared at her.
hey, do not hate on me for piggybacking some sweet pussy love onto the deal.
hater.
you realize i can hear both of you, right.
gwen looked up at us.
i pulled out my wallet and handed my credit card to gwen.
oh, do not act like you do not want me to michael phelps that pussy.
kasey tossed her golden hair over her shoulder.
i choked.
when i looked behind me, there stood a family of four with their mouths agape.
breathing became difficult, and my face had to be bright pink.
i whirled back around to catch a look of horror on gwen face as kasey continued to explain the michael phelps to her.
it is like the butterfly swim technique, see.
you spread the legs wide, like you are underwater.
she whipped both arms out like she just spread a pair of thighs on the counter.
and then you come up and down, like you are swimming for the pink medallion.
she bobbed her head up and down as if she was coming up for air, and then diving back down between the hypothetical legs.
gwen stared at me as if she were pleading for help, and slid my credit card across the counter, along with a receipt to sign.
i scribbled my name down as fast as possible and mouthed i am sorry.
we will be going now.
the man and his family turned as the wife ear muffed one of the children.
maybe if you michael phelpsd your wife once in a while, you would not be in here buying her some goddamn louis deepdong luggage.
pfft.
kasey flipped the bird at the man back as he scooted his family out the front door.
yeah, i think we will be going too.
come on, kase.
i grabbed the handles on nik new luggage.
gwen slid a business card across to kasey.
call me.
oh, you will hear from me soon.
kasey scooped up the card and shoved it in her pocket.
jesus christ, you are ridiculous.
i started toward the front of the store.
we walked through the glass double doors and out onto the sidewalk.
i hobbled along, trying to drag the bags behind while kasey strolled next to me at a leisurely pace.
what the hell.
you usually love it when i pick up chicks.
i am nervous.
what if this shit does not work.
i have to get her back.
i noticed a few people staring at me, and i tried to walk as normal as possible, ignoring the sharp pains radiating from my knee.
sorry, just trying to lighten the mood a little.
kasey eyes darted around to the stores as we headed outside to the parking lot.
please.
you are just trying to tame that pussy in there.
i shot her a side eye.
oh, is my boyfriend finally getting back to normal.
he can talk about pussy again.
boyfriend.
oh yeah, you are my boyfriend when dudes hit on me.
i use you as an excuse for anything i do not want to do.
i just assumed youd know that.
i love your cock.
and your jizz.
so, so hard.
i nearly tripped from my sudden loss of focus before righting myself.
jesus.
i shook my head at her while she laughed it up.
we crossed the street to my car and began loading the luggage in the back.
you are a master of your craft.
i will give you that.
i leaned over and gave her a peck on the forehead.
thank you.
she wrapped her arms around my bicep and squeezed.
you are welcome.
you know i always got your back.
her grip on my arm tightened suddenly, and her body tensed.
weird.
i looked down, and her eyes were wide.
she tried to turn and look another way, but i glanced to what shed been staring at.
nikki was walking out of a restaurant and taking a huge bite of what appeared to be a small loaf of bread.
i could have sworn she had a butter dish in her other hand.
typical.
a wave of heat rushed through my limbs when i saw agent carter fistfuck walking up behind her.
i shook kasey from my arm and started in that direction.
let it go, braden.
kasey warning fell on my ears but did not register.
i heard kasey feet pounding the pavement behind me.
fuck that.
i am getting to the bottom of this shit right fucking now.
i hobbled across the street, not giving a shit that traffic had to stop for my jay walk.
when i reached the sidewalk, i started for them, bumping anyone in my path out of the way.
i could not see nikki because the tanned yuppie cunt was between us.
i was about ten feet away when i watched the arrogant prick kiss nik, damn near swallowing her face whole.
my knee was about to give out, but i did not give two shits about that or kasey trying to tug at my arm from behind.
grabbing him by the back of the collar, i broke their kiss when i yanked him to the ground.
i stumbled around in the process, damn near landing face first into the sidewalk myself.
carter shot to his feet and flashed that shitty cockboy smirk of his.
kasey wedged herself between us.
carter brushed the front of his shirt.
oh, look, the jealous stalker boyfriend.
what a surprise.
shut your mouth, carter.
nikki turned to me.
what are you doing here, braden.
are you following me.
she folded her arms across her chest.
i was, umm i turned my gaze to kasey who shrugged.
why the fuck is he kissing you.
i pointed to captain mcgillicunty and his fake ass surfer tan and blond boy band hair.
wait.
that is your ex.
kasey pointed at carter and chuckled.
something funny, bitch.
carter glared at kasey.
usually, id beat his fucking face in, but kasey would handle that herself shortly.
i started to feel sorry for the guy, because he was fucked after that slip of the tongue.
my sympathy did not last long as i awaited the onslaught.
oh, no.
did this cunt trap just call me a bitch.
boy, i will fuck your goddamn teeth sideways.
she eyed him up and down.
you have a plaid dick, do not you.
that shit is two inches and plaid.
a toddler noodle.
you were just born with it.
carter stood shell shocked, as both nik and i tried not to laugh.
kasey took a step closer.
your dick is pleated, ai not it.
ol pleat dick, born ready for a dockers commercial.
how about i shove a polo mallet up your twat gap and use you like a ventriloquist.
kasey held up her hand like a puppet and spoke out of the side of her mouth.
help me.
somebody save me from my plaid dick.
it is got pleats and everything.
oh wait, maybe those are cunt lips flappin in the breeze down there.
yep, that is it.
i gots pussy pleats.
eff my life.
i was about to burst with laughter when the queen of the graves household walked out of the restaurant with a stack of dresses draped over one arm.
nikki, what is this.
she used that rich people voice that suggested her daughter was mingling with the commoners again.
i dropped my face into my palm, because i knew what was coming.
who the fuck is lady godiva godzilla over here, storming into shit out of nowhere.
kasey turned to nik mom.
mrs.
graves glared in my direction.
are you following us.
i have high priced lawyers and we will file protective orders.
you can not stalk our daughter.
i was not stalking anyone.
it is a public place.
i looked down at nik.
i swear.
i would not do that.
mmhmm.
carter injected himself back into the conversation.
i ground my teeth together and then turned to carter.
this does not concern you, shit paper prince.
i will give you a call next time i take a fat carter in a port o potty and run out of ass wipes.
maybe you can do some calculus to solve my problem.
nikki safety concerns me.
he walked over and put his arm around her.
she stepped away, forcing him to drop his arm to the side.
good girl.
but she had not stepped toward me like i wanted.
it was like the night in the driveway all over again, me as the bad guy and these assholes filling her ears full of poison about me.
i ignored carter and nikki mom.
there was only one person i wanted to talk to.
i am just going to go.
i do not want any problems, nikki.
i want you, but not like this.
just take whatever time you want, and then let me know.
i hobbled away, not giving a fuck who saw my limp at that moment.
you are getting off easy this time, plaid dick.
kasey followed behind me.
next time i see you, i am going to lay your ass out and then fuck your girlfriend, if you can get one, anyway.
i ignored the pain in my knee and kept walking, though everything inside me screamed at me to run back to nikki.
but with carter and her mother around, no good could come of further confrontation.
kasey taunting voice rose.
oh, and mrs.
snooty pants, here a newsflash, that pink dress you are carrying is the ugliest thing i have ever seen.
i would not even fuck you if you wore that, nikki.
just kidding.
id always fuck you.
you know this.
kasey clapped me on the shoulder as we made it to my car.
my last little bit got her for you.
just wait and see, boyfriend.
nikki fringe.
it is the bane of my existence.
when it exploded last season, i got so many women requesting it that i almost quit.
i can not stand it.
unless you are going to a cowboy festival, do not wear fringe.
i smiled as i typed cyrus response.
hed been in my office for the past hour answering questions for my next style and substance article what your style assistant really thinks about your taste.
cyrano would headline the piece.
i hoped cyrus would gain a bigger clientele from giving down and dirty advice in the mag.
makeup less and wearing a simple pair of jeans and a black t shirt, he was a handsome man with excellent taste in clothes.
the other assistants had been tittering about him as id led him down the hall to my cramped office.
i finished typing his answer and leaned back.
now, shoot straight with me.
i narrowed my eyes.
off the record.
do not you think that pretending to be gay is, you know, wrong.
he crossed one leg over the other, resting his ankle on his knee.
look, my roommate is gay.
he the one who suggested it to me, and then i just ran with it.
i know it is not a good thing to do, okay.
but if it helps me pay my bills and is not hurting anyone, why does it matter.
i scratched my nose.
it just seems so dishonest.
i know.
he craned his head back and sighed.
i am trying to think of some way to stop, but i kind of can not now.
not at saks.
and now with this article you could be cyrus in this article, you know.
the real you.
he shook his head and brought his eyes back to mine.
nope.
not a chance.
cyrano or nothing.
i can not risk my job.
i need the money.
my phone buzzed, my mom face popping up on the screen.
i hit ignore for the third time that morning.
i continued, maybe you could go to another store, or maybe even i can not.
he shifted in his chair.
i made my bed.
now i have to lie in it.
i understand.
i bit my lip before offering any more unwanted advice.
besides, my personal life was in a shambles.
i had no room to give anyone pointers on how to act.
after the scene outside the restaurant, mom and carter tried to talk me into breaking it off with braden.
they did not understand that he was not some one and done guy.
id been through more than my fair share of those.
braden even though he was clumsy and ham handed when it came to emotions was my man.
id known it since we first met.
some people did not believe in love at first sight, but i did.
and the moment braden smiled at me and asked me to drinks after a game, my heart belonged to him.
neither carter nor my mom could change that.
just because things were rocky did not mean we were over.
the thought of braden and i being done made me take a deep breath.
i tried to push the trade and our other troubles out of my mind.
if i could focus on work, maybe i would not hurt so much.
nikki, you all right.
cyrus cocked his head to the side.
i am good.
sorry.
sometimes i just zone the fuck out.
leaning forward, i poised my fingers over my keyboard.
okay, final question.
when a client asks you to a ruckus in the hallway interrupted my question.
a rumbling sound caught my ear, and someone was talking far too loudly in our quiet office.
i cringed when i recognized the voice.
this place is littered with hot bitches.
have i died and gone to poon hound heaven.
hey, you in the green.
i am kasey.
what is your name, sugar.
oh, my god.
i stood and bolted into the hallway, but almost fell over something blocking the narrow area outside my door.
cyrus grabbed my arm and pulled me upright before i toppled into the stack of brand new luis vuitton luggage.
i flailed for a moment then got my balance.
what the nik, babe.
kasey leaned against the tallest suitcase, one that was likely worth more than my car.
you are looking mighty fine.
who the guy.
i stared at the luggage, unable to form words as a few other assistants crowded behind kasey to coo over the amazing set.
kasey glanced over her shoulder.
come closer girls.
plenty of room for everyone.
she reached behind her and drew a piece of paper from her back pocket.
from braden.
i took the note from her.
she turned to the assistants at her back.
my work here is done.
now, i am going to get some lunch.
who wants to blow this taco stand and go to a specialty taco stand, eh.
satisfaction guaranteed.
the assistants giggled as kyrie came around the corner.
what is going on.
kasey.
yeah, i was just playing delivery boy for braden.
kasey looped her arm around one of the assistant is waist.
you look hungry, doll.
whitney, go on back to your desk.
kyrie frowned and pulled the assistant from kasey grasp.
cock block, kasey muttered and kept walking toward the elevator.
i will be down the street at vittles and vino for the next hour, she announced.
whichever one of you ladies or more than one are welcome to join.
you will not regret it.
and, remember, it is not cheating if it is with a chick.
her voice faded down the hallway.
nik, you okay.
kyrie scooted past the luggage, barely, and came to my side.
you have never been silent for this long in your life.
i came from a rich family, but not even my mother owned a full set of louis vuitton luggage.
this is too much.
this is amazing.
kyrie ran her hand along the smooth canvas with the signature monogram.
cyrus whistled.
this is the holy grail of luggage.
what is the note.
kyrie pointed to the piece of paper clutched in my hand.
from braden.
i am just so i can not even luggage.
it could only mean one thing.
he wanted me to go with him if he were traded.
i wanted to squeal with delight.
but now that id had more time to think about it, i also wondered what would happen to my career if i left.
what about my editor dreams.
braden was the one, but would i sacrifice my career, my identity to stay with him.
and you are.
kyrie held out her hand to cyrus.
cyrus i mean, cyrano.
he shook.
oh yeah.
nikki told me about you.
nice to meet you.
she edged closer to me.
not to be rude, but can i get a minute with my friend.
oh, of course.
cyrus backed away.
i will wait out here.
thanks.
kyrie pulled me into my office and shut the door behind us.
open it.
my fingers did not seem to work as i gripped the note.
here.
she snagged it from my hands and unfolded it.
jesus, his handwriting is atrocious.
here goes.
nikki, i love you.
i have fucked up a lot lately.
i know you know that.
but i want you to know that you are the most important thing to me.
i am sorry about what happened at your parents house.
i want another chance with you and with them, even your mom.
i want them to know how much i love you and that i would never, ever hurt you.
carter, though, i do not want another chance with him.
i may go easton on him if i see him touch you again.
just fyi.
okay, where was i.
right, i love you.
i want you with me always.
if i get traded, i want you with me.
i just assumed that all schlong.
kyrie shook her head and peered closer at the paper.
it really looks like it says all schlong.
i am not kidding.
i laughed and wiped away a tear.
keep going.
is there more.
yeah sorry.
i think he meant all along there.
anyway, it goes on i am going to come clean and spill it all.
i do not want to lose you ladies, do not touch the goods.
cyrus strong voice cut through kyrie recitation.
you can look and wish you had a man who loved you this much i am free tonight, by the way but do not touch or so help me.
kyrie raised an eyebrow.
he a keeper.
i sniffled.
i know.
i think i have a plan for him, maybe.
we will talk later.
go on.
i am afraid i am not playing ball as well as i should.
my numbers are shit.
i am afraid about the trade.
i do not want to leave and take you away from your work and our friends.
and, this is the worst part and i really hope you will not be mad, but it is okay if you are.
i hurt my knee last week.
that night when i was in bed and you kyrie pulled the paper away from her face as her cheeks turned red sat on my face, my knee was hurt.
it is still hurt.
it is why i did not move from the couch the other day, and why i did not chase you when you walked out.
i tried, but i fell and floundered around like a twat.
i am afraid to go to the doctor about it.
everything i have fucked up, i have done out of fear.
but i am not afraid as long as you are with me.
you are my life.
not baseball.
i am sorry.
please forgive me.
i love you.
i sank down in my office chair.
he hurt.
kyrie flipped the page over.
that is it.
he been hurt this whole time.
i rubbed my eyes, not giving a shit that i was smearing my mascara.
you could not have known that.
kyrie walked behind me and wrapped her arms around my shoulders.
i leaned my head back into her soft tits and tried to figure out what the hell i was feeling.
livid, that he did not tell me about the injury, but sad that he was so afraid of everything.
he should have told me all of it.
my tears were a given, coursing down my face as kyrie held me.
they do this.
bottle everything up.
easton is the same way, but worse, because of his temper.
braden wants to repair your relationship.
that is the most important thing.
everything else is small stuff.
she kissed the top of my head.
and we do not sweat the small stuff.
right.
i need to talk to him.
we need to get his knee seen to and figure out what is going on with the trade.
we will.
i will ask easton ladies, i am not kidding.
paws off.
cyrus sounded like a lion tamer who was about to lose control of his pussies.
what can i do.
kyrie straightened and walked around my desk to face me.
i do not know.
i tried to prioritize everything.
first, the doctor, then i need to solve this thing with my mom and carter.
right.
sounds like a plan.
she nodded and snagged some tissues from the corner of my desk and handed them to me.
clean yourself up.
you look like you have starred in a non consensual porn.
that drew a laugh from me as i scrubbed under my eyes.
i think my nasty sense of humor has rubbed off on you.
she smiled and pulled the collar of her sensible cardigan closed.
certainly not.
i am a fucking lady, and do not you forget it.
i laughed and cleared away the last of my tears.
right.
thanks.
anytime.
you have dealt with enough of my easton drama that i need to support you through at least five more meltdowns before we are even.
she opened my door.
cyrus was pointing a finger at someone down the hall.
you are hot, but i am not above hitting you to keep you off nikki stuff.
kyrie laughed and shooed the assistants away as my cell rang.
mom was calling again.
shit.
i was not ready for this conversation, but i wanted to clear the air sooner rather than later.
cyrus, can you do me one more favor and wait a little longer.
i need to talk to my mom.
i held up my phone.
you got it.
he swung my door closed again.
i took a deep breath and swiped across the screen.
mom.
hi darling.
how are you.
i just wanted to make sure braden had not done anything else.
we could call the family lawyer if you are worried mom about him showing up at your work mom.
what.
braden and i are together.
we will always be together.
nothing you say or do can change that.
he a good guy nikki no, mom.
let me finish.
he a good guy.
he, honestly, the best thing that is ever happened to me.
when i am with him, i am happy.
if you can not accept him, then you can not accept me.
i love you and dad, but braden is my future.
give him another chance.
do it for me.
let him show you what sort of man he really is.
no preconceptions.
no carter.
just us.
can you do that.
she cleared her throat and stayed silent for several heavy seconds.
nik, i think maybe you should spend some time away from him.
maybe come with us to florida.
mom, i am never going to be away from him.
do you understand.
he it for me.
either you are on board with that or you are not.
so what is it going to be.
more silence.
i pulled the phone away from my ear, making sure we were still connected.
when i put it back, her voice came through.
i will have to think about it.
i do not trust him.
her words were like an ice bath, but i withstood it.
think about it.
when you are ready to talk, call me again.
but be prepared to talk to the both of us.
she sighed with her usual dramatic flair.
i know you are stuck on him, but carter is so bye, mom.
love you.
i tapped the screen and ended the call.
i felt lighter, telling mom that braden was forever somehow lifted a weight from my shoulders.
there was only one thing left to do sit on braden face until we made up.
braden it was late, sometime around p.m., when i finally drove up to my apartment building.
pulling into the parking garage, i sat there for a moment and collected my thoughts.
wed won all three games during an away series in kansas city, and while i should have been happy, all i could focus on was the pain in my knee.
it was getting worse.
nikki being gone was the icing on the cake.
i looked around at my fancy apartment building, and my nice car, but only one thought ran through my mind.
i have got nothing.
i opened the door of my car and hopped down on my good leg.
fuck it.
my bags could wait.
i just wanted to crawl into my bed, figure out how id get through practice tomorrow, and how id make it through the upcoming home series.
i took the elevator to my floor and limped to the front door.
i unlocked it and eased it open.
alarm activated.
the computer voice rang out.
fucking tits.
goddamn alarm.
i hopped toward the illuminated blue screen on the wall across the entry way.
my tennis shoes squeaked on the tile.
please enter your code.
i heard you, cunt trap.
i am trying, fuck.
i sped up on my good leg, hopping through the dark like a human pogo stick.
oh sh my leg caught on something in the way and i face planted right in the middle of what felt like hard boxes.
son of a motherfucker.
what in the the lights in the house turned on and momentarily blinded me.
i rubbed my eyes hard, trying to make out what the fuck id just landed in the middle of, when i saw the letters on the luggage.
lv.
braden.
oh my god, baby.
your knee.
nik, rubbing her eyes, sprinted over in a lacy white teddy.
my heart warmed at the sight of her, and i forgot about my pain altogether.
are you okay.
she leaned down, and all i could do was smile and stare into her eyes, and then down at her tits, of course.
i see you got my gift.
i grinned and turned my gaze from her tits to her face.
i think i am stuck here.
i chuckled.
she giggled.
just sit still and let me help you.
god, id missed her laugh.
it seemed like ages since id heard it.
you have five, four.
shit, babe.
can you punch in the code.
i do not want the security company showing up.
i pointed at the alarm.
oh yeah, i got it.
i watched her run over toward the wall.
her ass jiggling in the lacy panties had my cock jutting into the expensive luggage.
you get the mushroom stamp of approval there, louis.
apologies.
nik hustled back over and helped me to my feet.
when i was upright, she started to talk, and i put both my palms on her cheeks and my lips crashed into hers.
she tried to pull away.
not a fucking chance.
i raked my fingers through her hair and her lips parted, our tongues dancing back and forth across one another.
i released her and she began to speak.
braden, we need i smacked her on the ass across the panties that cut halfway up her cheeks, and i leaned in next to her ear.
we have other business first, slut.
she let out a squeal as i kissed down her neck to her collarbone and gripped one of her breasts firm in my hand.
when i tweaked her hard nipple through the soft fabric, she seized up and her breath hitched.
god, how do you know how to touch me just right.
she ran her nails up the back of my shirt and dug them into my shoulders.
because we are perfect for each other.
i fisted a handful of her hair and my mouth was hot in her ear as i licked slowly around it.
i gripped her by the wrist and shoved her hand onto my cock.
and right now, i need you coming on my mouth, and then on my cock like a good little whore, okay.
her hips surged into me, and she ground her pussy up against my dick, before nodding.
i squeezed harder on her hair and a slight yelp escaped her lips.
i want you on the bed in ten seconds.
be naked when i get there.
she gripped the ass of my jeans and bit down on my earlobe before exhaling heavily in my ear.
you better hurry.
i am wet and in need of a spanking.
she turned to walk away and i smacked her hard on the ass, leaving a big red hand print.
oh my god.
she swayed her hips as she did a little seductive runway walk toward the room, then turned and smiled before disappearing around the corner into the hallway.
fuck.
my cock was so goddamn hard i could barely think straight.
i needed it buried in her pussy five minutes ago.
i planned to remedy that immediately.
nothing in the world was better than hearing nik tell me to fuck her like a slut while i pumped in and out of her.
i stumbled toward the bedroom as fast as i could.
when i turned the corner into the hallway, i thought my dick might knock some pictures off the side table.
lead me to the promised land, buddy.
i gave the tent in my pants a quick glance as he led me to the room, in search of nik pussy.
he was geared up for battle, ready to conquer and destroy.
i walked to the bedroom door and propped my arm against the frame, giving my knee a second to recover.
when i looked to the bed, nik was naked just like id told her.
she scissored her legs together, and i realized how much id missed the way she looked at me.
i pulled my shirt up over my head, and a tingling rushed across my exposed skin.
the heat from nikki stare sent blood rushing into my cock as i pulled my shoes off.
i unbuttoned my jeans and yanked them to my ankles.
when i took my briefs down and let my cock spring out from captivity, nik licked her lips and spread her legs.
that is a good girl.
i have not had a proper meal in a while.
her head flew back against the sheets.
fuck, you have the dirtiest mouth.
it does things to me, braden.
i eyed her like a wolf after its prey, stalking toward the bed.
i hovered over her, roving every inch of her gorgeous body with my eyes before gripping her hard at the waist.
i know.
i smirked.
flipping her over to her stomach, i jerked her petite frame to the edge so that she was bent over the bed, and i smacked her ass once more.
i leaned next to her head and my cock pressed against the edges of her slippery folds.
you are wet, are not you.
mmhmm, she cooed.
i grabbed her gently around the throat, just enough to turn her head to me, and smashed my lips against hers, before forcing her to open up, so i could feel her tongue on mine once more.
we broke our kiss after a long moment, and i whispered, you are going to come on my face, and then on my dick.
got me, slut.
i squeezed her throat a tiny bit and her eyes rolled back before returning to me.
please.
she dropped her face into the sheets as i released my hold on her.
i lowered and shifted all of my weight onto my good knee on the floor, and began to massage her ass cheeks in my hands before spreading them apart.
look at this pink, wet pussy.
mmm.
wonder what would happen if i licked on it.
her legs quivered at my words.
i slid my fingers down her thighs and her muscles tightened.
kissing up the soft skin on the insides of her legs, i ran my tongue all the way up to her clit, and then flattened my tongue on her pussy and licked back the entire length.
nikki gasped, and her legs shuddered once more.
i missed this slutty little cunt of yours.
god.
her voice was a breathy exhale.
i stroked my tongue around her lips, spreading her ass hard with my hands, and then flicked my tongue on her clit.
i wrapped my lips around it and sucked, hard.
her hips jolted forward, and she started to grind her ass up and down on my face.
tasting her pussy, knowing what my tongue could do to her, had my cock harder than all the diamonds in easton browser history.
i fought the urge to stand up and fuck her senseless.
id promised her shed come on my face, after all.
i worked her clit with my tongue, increasing the tempo until i could feel the orgasm about to rip through her body.
i dug my nails into her ass and pinned her against the bed.
the sheets flew up toward her face, which meant she must have yanked them up to her.
i held her still and shook my head furiously against her hot entrance, darting my tongue back and forth across her pussy and her clit.
fuck, braden.
she trembled under my touch as she stiffened and moaned, coming all over my face, as i lashed across her with my tongue.
after a brief second, she finally relaxed against the bed and i rose to my feet.
she started to lean up and i splayed my fingers across her back and shoved her down into the bed.
stay.
it is time for part two of my promise.
i smacked her across the ass with my free hand and then fisted my cock and shoved it inside of her.
itd been awhile since id buried myself in nikki.
too fucking long.
her warm pussy hugged tight around my cock, and i could feel her squeezing her slippery walls on me.
she squealed as i leaned over her back, keeping as much weight on my good leg as possible while my chest pressed up against her.
i pushed inside as far as i could, and her breathing sped up against the sheets.
i do not think you have ever made me this hard before.
you like it deep, slut.
i pushed even farther inside of her, smashing my hips into her ass.
jesus, i am about to come already.
her words were barely more than a whisper.
i moved my bad knee up onto the bed and repositioned myself.
one hand reached over her back and clamped down on her shoulder, the other gripped hard on the side of her hip as i tried to pull her back into me and bury my cock deeper.
she belted out a moan.
fuck.
if you say so.
i pulled out nearly to the tip and then rammed back into her, hard, jolting her against the bed.
her scream echoed off the wall, before she buried her face into the sheets, muffling the sound.
my hand that was on her hip spanked her again, and i thrust into her once more.
you like that, slut.
tell me.
god, you know i love it when you fuck me like a dirty slut.
my balls tightened up at her words.
she loved dirty talk, and so did i.
i did not know how much longer i could possibly last inside of her.
it was time to do work.
you might want to hold on for this.
she turned her head and attempted to glance back at me when i started yanking her hips into me as i pounded forward.
the sound of wet skin slapping together rang through the room before being engulfed by her screams.
i pumped into her as fast as i could, each thrust trying to pull her into me harder.
i slid my hand from her shoulder up into her hair and wrapped the strands around my hand before yanking her head up so that she was staring straight ahead.
my cock pistoned into her until i could not stop my load from working up my shaft.
come on my dick like a good little slut.
i gave her another slap on the ass and dug my fingers into her soft, tanned skin.
oh my her pussy clamped down on me, and it was all over.
i shoved as far in as i could and shot deep inside of her.
her pussy walls spasmed around me, trying to milk every last drop from my dick.
fuzzy stars formed in my vision as i thrust one last time before collapsing onto her back, my semi hard cock still halfway lodged inside.
i brushed a few sweaty strands of blonde hair from her back and kissed around her shoulder blades and up to her nape.
god, that was fucking hot.
mmhmm.
she nodded with her eyes closed, a huge grin spread across her face.
after taking a moment to recover, i let it out.
i am sorry.
i should not have hid things from you.
we are a team.
i was wrong to do that.
i pulled my cock out of nikki and fell next to her on the bed.
she opened her eyes and put a palm on my cheek.
i am sorry about my family.
i have told them a hundred times that you and i are in it for the long haul.
i thought things were turning around with mom, and then she ambushed me at the restaurant with carter again.
i left.
that is why i was outside.
i have not exactly made it easy for your family to like me.
i am trying to work on it.
i promise.
i scrubbed a hand across my sweaty face.
we will figure it out.
i am still getting used to my life not being a one man show.
but, i do not know who i am without you around anymore.
and the knee thing is not helping.
you need to see a doctor.
nik glared at me.
it is not that simple, babe.
an injury guarantees i will be traded.
i have to play.
i stared hard at her for another moment.
i have to.
her look of concern made me love her even more.
she cared about me.
i got it.
but, i could not be traded.
i did not want her to choose between me and her career.
mostly, i was afraid of what the doctor might say.
i could not handle the truth about my knee right now.
what if it was a major injury.
what if my career was over.
what if he told me i could not play baseball anymore.
you can hardly walk when you are not playing through the pain.
it is not going to heal.
you might be making it worse.
she lifted my chin with a finger.
but, i will back whatever you do, babe.
you know this.
just do not hide it from me.
please.
i leaned over and kissed her on the forehead.
i will not hide anything else from you ever again.
i promise.
nikki batter, batter, batter.
feel that dick in your ass.
it is mine, and i am about to blow.
i yelled as easton whipped his arm around and let loose with a blistering fastball.
the batter swung after the ball smacked safely into braden glove.
strike out.
the crowd roared as the inning ended and the teams switched positions.
night had fallen, and the stadium lights hummed high overhead.
ha.
i sank into my seat and kasey handed me the popcorn.
that was all me.
you struck out the last three hitters.
kyrie raised an eyebrow and took a handful of popcorn.
i thought that was my boyfriend out there on the mound.
i mean, sure easton was actually throwing the ball and stuff, but i was the one who distracted the guys at bat.
keep telling yourself that.
she popped a single piece of popcorn into her mouth while i dumped a handful into mine.
no wonder braden loves you.
if you can put that much popcorn in your mouth kasey winced yick, i just thought about dick in your mouth.
not cool.
she snugged her baseball cap lower on her forehead.
pussy, pussy, only pussy, if you suck a dick, you deserve it in your tushy.
is that a mantra.
i crunched through the popcorn as the relief pitcher for the marlins threw a few warmup pitches.
words to live by.
kasey smiled and took a gulp of beer.
i read your article on cyrano this morning, by the way.
kyrie brushed some stray kernels off her easton holliday jersey.
i loved it.
loved it.
i could not hold back my grin.
no doubt.
it is your best work yet.
i may have even set up a meeting with graciela about you i gasped.
really.
was she going to push for me to move up to an editor spot.
but do not get your hopes up.
she squeezed my arm.
it is tough to make the leap.
it may take more time and articles from you, but i want to broach the subject sooner rather than later and take her temperature.
excitement welled inside me and i grabbed kyrie in a messy, popcorn y embrace.
thank you.
this is more like it.
kasey pressed herself against my back and reached around to catch both kyrie and me in her arms.
you are welcome.
kyrie squeezed me a little tighter.
i will let you know what comes of it.
i love being just one of the girls.
kasey nuzzled into my hair.
perv.
i elbowed kasey away and settled back into my seat.
kasey frowned, but then her expression lightened.
say, nik, you never gave me all the details from the lez experience you had in college.
this game is boring as fuck.
entertain me with it.
it was not really an experience.
i just kissed a girl a little bit when i was drunk.
i shrugged as the first ravens batter, ramirez, strode to the plate.
not bad.
kasey crossed her long, tan legs at the knee.
the guy sitting next to her gave her an appreciative up and down look, but her head was turned towards me so she did not see it.
how much tongue are we talking.
i closed my eyes and tried to remember the fall of my sophomore year, but it was hazy at best.
i had way too much fun in school.
i think there was tongue, and she definitely felt me up over my shirt.
i can not remember if she ever went under, but i doubt it.
nice.
kasey set her beer down.
i think i need a reenactment.
you know, to test you.
make sure you are not running a game on braden, pretending to be straight.
i rolled my eyes as ramirez swung and missed, strike one.
not a chance.
besides, everyone knows i am a penis flytrap.
come on, just a little kiss.
she leaned closer as kyrie snickered on my other side.
no way.
i shook my head.
braden would kill me.
i think braden would be all about it.
just a couple of girls.
one, his girlfriend, the other, like a sister to him.
no harm in the two of us being friendly.
right, kyrie.
do not drag me into this.
i am an innocent bystander.
she grabbed some more popcorn as kasey confident grin surfaced.
i tried to ignore the hot blonde trying to get into my panties.
the next pitch was high and outside.
ball.
just a little experiment.
that is all.
kasey tone turned wheedling.
it will not count.
how many girls have you tricked into opening their legs for you like this.
i stared at her, not even close to falling under her spell.
she frowned.
tons.
what gives with you.
i love braden.
me too.
she moved closer, her big, pretty eyes open wide like the wolf in red riding hood.
so how about you give me a little tit action as a sign of our love for him.
kyrie snorted.
a little help here.
i turned to her.
nope.
she shook her head, a giggle falling from her lips.
i do not get between kasey and her prey.
come on.
kasey wrapped a lock of my hair around her finger.
i tried to keep the amused smile off my lips.
i am trying to watch the game.
ramirez finally made contact, hitting a line drive and trucking it to first base.
kasey did not even look.
she kept her gaze on me.
i sighed.
oh my god.
if i say yes, will you leave me alone.
she squealed.
yes, i promise.
fine, you can have a tit grope.
id taken many a tit grope from kyrie, so this was nothing special.
she reached for the hem of my tank top.
hey.
i smacked her hand away.
over my shirt and for no more than five seconds.
that is it.
she pouted.
i tossed my hair behind my shoulder.
it is that or nothing, you goddamn sexual predator.
she smiled and licked her lips before focusing on my chest.
fine.
get to it.
i leaned back and dropped my elbows to the armrest, giving her maximum chest exposure.
she rubbed her hands together like she was mr.
miyagi readying to fix daniel san leg.
the guy sitting on her other side could not take his eyes off us.
i wondered if he was going to cream in his jeans.
here we go.
she hovered her hands over my chest as kyrie shook with laughter next to me.
luscious nikki tits in three, two, one.
hey.
braden voice cut through the air.
i looked up and kasey and i were on the kiss cam for the entire stadium to see.
kase.
i leaned forward, but that only pressed her palms to my tits.
the crowd went silent, and kasey took the opportunity to give me a good squeeze.
i smacked her hands away as the crowd went from silent to roaring with approval.
i hid my scarlet face in my hands.
goddammit kasey.
braden was at the net yelling.
i am going to kick your ass.
i peeked through my fingers as a grinning easton strode up behind him.
come on, man.
they are just dicking around.
kasey is a woman stealer.
she the devil.
he pointed a finger through the netting at kasey, who was doubled over with laughter.
i am sorry.
i shook my head, my hands still covering my face.
it is not your fault.
it is the blonde satan sitting next to you.
the corner of his mouth twitched.
he was holding back a smile.
you boys going to play ball or what.
the umpire walked up behind easton.
we are.
easton pulled braden away from the net and forced him to turn back toward the field.
he shot kasey a hard look.
lay off, dick.
we are trying to do work out here.
my bad.
kasey sat up and wiped the tears from under her eyes.
but jeez, bro, they are just so soft, yet firm.
braden tried to turn, but easton kept him moving toward home plate.
sorry.
i called again.
braden looked over his shoulder, pointed two fingers at his eyes and the same fingers at kasey.
she chuckled as he took his bat from the batboy and did a few practice swings.
after one more glare at kasey, he stepped into the batter box.
the embarrassment of being felt up on the kiss cam faded, and worry took its place.
my stomach churned at the thought of braden having to run full speed to first base.
hed been covering his limp for the entire game, but i knew he was in pain.
maybe you should have waited to pull your devilry until after braden turn at bat.
kyrie slurped her icee.
do not go pretending like i have not gotten a handful of your lovely lady lumps.
kasey wore a self satisfied grin before downing the rest of her beer.
what.
i gaped at kyrie.
whyd you let her get me, too.
she shrugged.
i thought maybe youd have a chance of staying strong.
against my lezzy wiles.
pfft.
give me a break.
kasey stood.
i have got to take a leak.
you girls try and keep it classy while i am gone.
everything else faded as i focused on braden and prayed his knee injury would not affect anything during his at bat.
a walk would be the best outcome, but not likely.
his numbers were not great, and the pitcher would try and take full advantage of that fact.
i did not want him to strike out, but running to first base could have been even more treacherous for him.
i perched on the edge of my seat as the pitcher came set.
the first pitch was outside and low.
ball.
the second pitch was the same.
ball.
small tendrils of relief swirled inside me with each call.
my fingers wrestled with each other as the third pitch came screaming down the middle.
strike.
braden stood straight and knocked the bat against his shoes before taking position again.
another pitch, this one high and inside.
ball.
he had not swung the bat once.
how his knee.
kyrie whisper barely made it to my ear.
i do not know.
not good.
i kept my voice low as the next pitch slapped into the catcher glove.
strike.
the count was full.
the next pitch would result in a walk, a strike out, or a hit.
the crowd quieted as braden stepped to the plate again.
i held my breath as the pitcher came set.
his powerful leg kick seemed to happen in slow motion.
the ball hurtled toward home plate, and braden swung.
the crack of the bat had me searching the sky for the ball.
it flew out over the short stop head.
i dragged my gaze back to braden who had taken off for first base.
he came down heavy on his uninjured leg, his stride uneven.
kyrie took my hand and squeezed it.
can you tell.
i winced as he continued his awkward gait.
the ball dropped in left field and was quickly scooped up by an outfielder who tossed it in to second base.
braden barely rounded first at all and quickly took a few steps back to the base.
hed gotten a single, but i prayed that management had not been able to tell he was injured.
kyrie had not answered my question.
i squeezed her hand.
tell me.
did you see it.
she withdrew her hand and threw her arm around my shoulder, pulling me in close.
yeah.
i could tell.
i am sorry.
my fingers went cold and i felt the blood drain from my face.
if kyrie could see it, that meant everyone else including the team management could, too.
braden i stood on first base, and the throb in my knee was constant.
i knew id done more damage running out that base hit.
fuck.
braden.
i caught coach glare in the corner of my eye.
he leaned over the railing separating the dugout from the field.
his eyes were sharp and insistent.
i quickly shook my head in his direction, trying not to draw any added attention from people in the front office who may have been watching.
coach shoved off the rail and stalked back and forth in the dugout.
as the pitcher came set, i took my lead from first.
my eyes were trained on his feet.
i was pretty sure everyone in the stadium had seen me hobble, but i pretended nothing was wrong.
the pitcher flashed me a grin and spun quickly with a pick off move.
when i pushed off on my leg, i let out an audible groan before i dove back into the bag and barely beat the tag.
my jaw clenched, and i grunted under my breath.
i rose back to my feet and brushed the dirt from the front of my jersey.
the first baseman tossed the ball back to the pitcher, and the pitcher took to the mound once more.
this time i barely took a lead at all, remaining close enough to first that i would not have to dive back.
the pitcher came set before kicking his leg and firing a fastball.
crack.
a sharp groundball screamed toward the second baseman, and he quickly tossed it to the shortstop as ramirez sprinted toward home.
i froze in the base path.
they had turned a double play, but ramirez trotted across home plate scoring another run for us.
i walked back to the dugout barely able to hide my limp.
once i was down the stairs, coach was up in my face.
you are not going back out there.
bullshit.
i tried to move past him and his large hand whacked me in the chest.
you are done until you see a doctor.
his brows pinched together, and he scowled, but i could sense concern in his eyes.
i dropped my head and stared at the ground for a quick second before looking back up at him.
i can not come out of the game.
you know i can not.
son he placed a hand on my shoulder, you can not play like this.
i am sorry.
you are not fooling anyone up there anymore.
he lifted his head back toward the skybox where all the rich fucks sat to watch the game.
trust me.
they know.
i wanted to break down, but i could not let the guys see me defeated.
okay.
coach leaned up next to my ear.
there are more ways to be a leader than being on the field.
i will figure out something to tell ingram.
maybe i can buy us some time.
but you need to see a doctor tomorrow.
until then, you are not going out on that field.
whatever is best for the team.
i turned to walk away, and his fingers dug into my forearm.
you are sick.
if you see ingram, walk straight and fake it the best you can.
got me.
i grinned and gave a dramatic shiver.
i do feel a bit feverish.
i thought so.
his voice rose to where the other guys could hear him.
probably need some antibiotics or something.
there a bug going around.
the guys will pick you up though.
i stared around at my teammates.
they all knew the score and had grins on their faces.
ramirez walked up to coach and me.
you know, coach.
my grandma makes this little drink with whiskey and stuff.
it will cure anything.
you can put like dandelions, mint leaves, he paused, a little cannabis in that shit.
it makes you just right as all hell the next day.
he chuckled at both of us.
jesus christ, when are we trading you.
coach chortled and walked away.
ramirez spun around to face coach back and held his arms out wide.
well goddamn, man.
i am just trying to help around here.
a little weed never hurt anybody.
shit.
the other guys grabbed their mitts as our hitter grounded out to third.
ramirez leaned up by my ear.
i am new around here, but i know respect when i see it.
these fellas got your back.
i do too, captain.
his words resonated with me.
i struggled to walk to the end of the dugout where my replacement was strapping on his gear.
the kid was a rookie.
his fingers shook as he reached for his glove.
hed played a few games, but we were usually up eight runs or so any time he saw the field.
when i walked up, he dropped his glove.
i could see the fear on his face and sensed it in his movements.
it was the same fear id had when i started my first big league game.
it was important that i make him comfortable.
he was in charge now, and the team needed him.
giving him confidence was paramount, and i could not help him if i moped around, worried about my own problems.
hey, you have done this a thousand times.
okay.
he nodded and pulled the chest protector over his head.
he started to hook it around his waist when i grabbed the strap at his neck and yanked him over to me, mainly because my leg hurt too much to stand up and get in his face.
are you scared.
i glared at him.
he was clearly scared shitless, and i had a responsibility to make sure he did not fuck up.
be honest with me.
y yeah.
i am.
get over it.
you are in charge out there.
i pulled him in closer, so that he was inches from my face.
that is your motherfucking field out there.
you wear the gear.
you are in charge.
your attitude reflects on those guys.
if you are scared, they are scared.
now walk out on the field like you are a fucking all star and command your fucking troops.
got me.
something changed in his eyes.
he straightened up and stuck his chest out.
yes, sir.
good.
id done the hard ass bit, and now i needed to reassure him.
the fact you have that uniform on means you are good enough to be here.
you are as good as me.
play smart.
be yourself.
play your game.
i will.
i promise, b.
good.
he turned to take the field.
hey, kid.
his head whipped back around to me.
yeah.
i am right here, man.
i am not going anywhere.
you have got their back.
i glanced out to the field.
and i have got yours.
i held out my fist and he tapped it with his catcher mitt.
go kick some ass and take my job.
it was the worst advice i could have given him for me personally, but it was best for the team.
that was the kind of thing thatd earned me respect with the guys over the years, and i wanted to instill that same thing into the rook.
i smacked the rookie on the ass as he strutted into the clubhouse.
the kid hit a walk off double in the bottom of the ninth to win the game.
it was huge, and i could not have been more fucking proud of him as he showed me a sheepish grin.
thanks for helping me with my nerves.
i do not think i would have played that well if it had not been for our little talk.
on the inside, i could already feel myself being pushed out of my position.
the kid was damn good.
he was young, and inexperienced, but he had talent in spades.
bullshit, rook.
that was all you.
i pounded a finger into his chest.
you did that, not me.
all the same.
you are still the cap.
he gave me a nod.
it was the gesture players used to show respect to one another.
thanks.
you just wait until my kn i stopped myself and cleared my throat as ingram stalked past us in the clubhouse.
he glared at me.
wait until this stomach bug passes.
you are going to have to fight for that spot.
rook started to say something else when i heard a crack, and his eyes shot wide open.
holy shit.
he winced and reached back for his ass when i heard a familiar cackle.
atta boy, rook.
nice rip out there.
easton had lit him up with a hard slap to the ass.
it was his trademark celebratory gesture that often left people unable to sit for a week.
i could not contain my laughter as the rookie walked away with the quickness.
damn, that shit sounded brutal.
yeah, my hand kind of stings a bit.
got that ass good.
easton shook his hand out to the side.
i saw ingram walk into coach office.
it will not be pretty.
coach is going to tell him i have the flu.
try and hold him over until i can see the doctor.
i stripped off my jersey and tossed it into the big hamper by the lockers.
the musty smell would be enough to send most people running for the door, but we were all used to it.
id miss it if i had to hang up my cleats for good.
good.
maybe he will buy it.
not a chance, man.
i am so fucked.
doc is going to say i need surgery.
it is been weeks and it is getting worse.
if it is my acl, i am fucking done.
maybe if youd gone earlier, like smart people told your dumb ass to do, you would not be in this predicament.
he sat down on the bench in the middle of the room.
i sat on the other side, facing the other direction and dropped my head into my hands.
he bent over and started to untie one of his shoes.
i am sorry.
i should not have said that.
i know what has to be going through your mind right now.
just stop assuming the worst case scenario.
knees are funny.
you know this.
i know, but there a lot riding on whatever the doctor says.
i could be released or traded.
i scrubbed my hands up and down my cheeks.
i know nik will go with me if i am traded.
but she excited and doing well at her job.
i can not ask her to leave everything.
and what will i do.
baseball is all i know.
i turned back to easton.
do not think like that.
he sighed.
it was the hardest thing for a baseball player to talk about when their playing days were over.
i do not know what i will do without you if it is serious.
wish the front office could see more than numbers.
you make everyone so much better out there.
you make me better.
it is a tough situation.
i looked down and saw the whites in his knuckles from the grip he had on the bench.
i do not know what to tell you, man.
nik loves you.
she will go with you.
i do not doubt that for a second.
i wish i had better advice to give.
the whole situation sucks a fat ass dick.
hollers rang out from coach office.
it was not uncommon when he and ingram were left alone together.
the flu my ass.
you are so full of shit.
ingram burst through the door and stalked through the clubhouse, glaring at easton and me.
he had no respect for the game.
hed never played it.
now, hed aired my shit out for the whole clubhouse to hear.
it is not like the other guys did not know the score, but it was not something that was usually done, out of respect.
my jaw clenched, and i fought the urge to beat the arrogance out of him.
easton must have sensed my frustration.
his giant hand gripped my bicep, and he flashed ingram a big fuck you smile.
after ingram was out of earshot, easton started the conversation back up.
that guy is such a cock monkey.
id love to get him one on one somewhere and knock some sense into him.
indeed, man.
i attempted to straighten out my bad leg and winced.
knees were a catcher worst nightmare, and i knew the day would come eventually.
all i could do was hope for the best.
i exhaled a large breath and a surprising calm came over me.
i had nothing to feel guilty about now that nik knew everything, and there were no secrets between us.
wed figure it out.
no matter what, shed be by my side.
in that moment, i realized id finally found something more important than baseball.
something that could last forever.
i opened the front door to my apartment, and nik lounged on the couch watching television.
her eyes lit up when they met mine, and i could tell she was trying to tamp down her excitement about something.
it must have been something to do with her job either that or her mom had called offering a full apology and an all expenses paid vacation.
not likely on the mom front.
she grabbed the remote and clicked off the tv.
what is up, babe.
i hobbled over to the table, wincing with each step.
my keys clanked together when i dropped them on top of the hard wood.
nothing.
nothing at all.
howd it go with coach and the she stared at my knee.
i had the feeling she was holding back her good news, but i wanted to hear about the awesome things happening in her career.
if it helped take my mind off baseball for even a second, it was worth it.
i wanted to be happy for her, because she was amazing and did not deserve my shit bringing her down.
i want to hear your news first.
you are excited about something.
tell me what it is.
it is nothing, really.
her hands were trembling, and i could sense how hard it was for her to keep from exploding with her good news.
i was not about to ruin it for her.
woman, tell me.
do i have to put my head between your legs to get the secret from you.
i mean, i am willing to make that sacrifice, if i must.
i wiped my hand across my mouth and grinned.
mmm, a ride on your tongue does sound mighty fun.
i am not going to lie.
okay, i will tell you.
excitement bubbled from her as she clapped her hands.
i loved watching her smile at me.
i wanted to see it every day for the rest of my life.
she finally calmed herself enough to speak.
so, kyrie loved my piece.
and she going to show it to graciela.
eek.
what.
that is amazing, babe.
the one with the cyrano guy.
i sat up straight and did my best deep voice impression of cerrano from major league.
it is very bad to steal jobu rum.
i leaned in toward her.
it is very bad.
huh.
she stared at me the same way i looked at her when she told me about designer hand bags.
major league.
you have never seen it.
i returned her puzzled gaze.
not a clue.
first of all, that is a fucking travesty that needs to be remedied.
but for right now, tell me more.
i want to hear everything.
what else did kyrie say.
i pulled her into my side and she nuzzled into my chest.
well, if it goes well she popped back up on the couch.
her smile was electric, and i could not help but grin.
and i am not saying it will.
but, i could be on track to making editor.
at freaking style and substance.
the radiant look on her face had my stomach churning so bad i thought i might really have the flu.
i tried my best to be as happy as she was, but remembered that honesty was what we were aiming for these days.
i looked down at the floor, wishing circumstances were different.
braden.
what is it.
it was her concerned voice that i usually tried to avoid.
it is your knee, is not it.
i wanted my knee to be healthy.
i wanted to scoop her up and carry her off to the bedroom, fuck her silly, and then take her out to celebrate her accomplishment.
why now.
why was there always something that fucked everything up.
i want to be happy for you.
scratch that.
i am happy for you.
that is just fucking amazing, nik, and i am so proud of you.
more than you know.
you are making your dreams come true.
but i am trying to be honest.
because that is kind of our thing now.
things do not look so great for me.
coach wants me to see the doctor tomorrow.
nik fell back into the cushions of the couch.
well, you do need to see one.
i know.
i am scared of what he will say.
what if he tells me i can not play anymore.
my eyes started to water.
i did not cry often, and lately id been a total pussy on that front.
but it was baseball.
it had been my life for so long.
nik was my future, but admitting my dream was coming to an end would not be easy.
i took her palm in my hand and pressed it to my face.
what if he tells me i am done.
the look on her face crushed my soul.
i hated myself for dropping all of this on her during one of the most exciting times in her life.
let is just wait and see what the doctor says.
we will figure it out.
we are a team, you and me.
her words made sense, but they did not match her expression.
id sucked all the life out of her.
i could not handle the fleeting thought that she might change her mind about coming with me if i got traded.
anxiety coursed through my veins and settled in my stomach.
it was all so much easier when i kept the shit to myself and let people enjoy themselves without worrying about my problems.
okay.
let is wait and see.
i fell back into the couch and she rested her head on my shoulder.
the decision id have to make was becoming clear.
i knew id have to choose between nik and baseball.
i told myself id choose nik, no matter what.
but was i lying to myself.
nikki my computer was broken.
had to be.
i kept looking at the time showing in the bottom right corner and the number did not seem to change.
i thwacked the side of the monitor with my palm and the number clicked over.
clearly, my efforts had worked.
kyrie had been in graciela office for over an hour.
not that i was counting or anything.
i thwacked the monitor again, but the digits mocked me and remained the same.
i put my head on my desk as the familiar squeak of the mail cart filled the hallway.
squeak squeak squeak.
the sound stopped, and i could sense grady the mouth breather outside my door.
what do you want.
i glanced up, and he was staring as usual.
could not he tell this was a majorly important day for me.
i, uh, there mail.
he smiled, his comically large front teeth on display.
put it on my desk.
i put my head back down as grady shuffled into the room.
the sound of mail flopping into my tray was followed with heavy silence.
he was still in my office, but i refused to look at him again.
maybe if i kept my head down, hed go away.
after a few more moments, i heard the distinctive shick of scissors.
that got me to raise my head.
grady backed away with one hand hidden behind him.
i narrowed my eyes.
what did you do.
just delivered the mail.
he backed all the way out my door and returned to his cart.
he kept hiding his hand, so i knew he must have had something in it.
squeak squeak the sound stopped, and i heard grady take in a huge sniffing breath through his nose followed by a relieved sounding aahhh on the exhale.
what in the ever loving fuck.
i sat up and nearly lost my shit when i realized a few strands of my hair stayed on the desk.
theyd been neatly cut.
yanking my hair out to inspect the ends, i realized grady had cut a lock of my hair from one side.
a big lock of hair.
i rose from my desk and darted around toward my door, not sure what i was going to do, but certain i would make it hurt.
grady, you fucking duckbill pervypus.
i ran into the hallway after him, but instead of grady, graciela was walking toward me, one eyebrow raised in displeasure.
my heart sank through the carpet and into a shredder on a lower floor.
fuck.
duckbill pervypus.
she strode past me with an air of impatience.
i that was i followed her into my office.
we were just.
sit down, nikki.
it is time we had a chat.
her tone brooked no nonsense, so i closed the door and sank into my desk chair.
it was probably a good thing.
my knees were already wobbling.
what can i, um, do for you graciela.
i noticed she had a thin stack of papers in her hand.
she perched on my visitor bench like a graceful, if bony, bird.
that is a good question.
she flipped past the first page and read aloud.
cyrano reveals that the passion for fringe was short lived and is already on its way out.
customers are far more interested in the faux fur revolution for the upcoming winter season.
she laid the papers in her lap and tapped her chin.
what gave you the idea for this article.
i pulled at the peter pan collar of my top.
well, i was shopping with my mother.
cyrano was helping me, and i noticed that he had a thing for tits, and as i mean, i noticed he was straight, but he also had a killer sense of style.
so, i sort of i took a deep breath and tried to choose the right words.
i sort of told him that he should do the story because he could get more commissions from readers who might choose him to assist them, and if he did it, i would not tell people he was a straight guy named cyrus.
i delivered the last part like a question.
so you sniffed out a story and then strong armed the subject into cooperating.
she crossed her lean arms over her chest.
that is putting it kind of harshly.
i did my best to brush off my devious tactics.
i just sort of found a way for both of us to get what we wanted.
i got a great story.
he got a chance at more commissions.
no harm done.
hmm.
let is set that aside for the moment.
she leaned forward.
are you aware that we have gotten excellent feedback about your waxing piece.
it seems a lot of our readers did not realize their salons were not using the correct techniques or materials.
we have also had several readers express gratitude to you for laying it all out in your down to earth style.
i did not know she continued as if i had not spoken.
i confess, i did not think you had what it took to fit in here.
you are brash, and you have the filthiest mouth i have ever heard, and i used to date a navy man.
her eyes narrowed.
but the readers are reacting to you.
and this piece.
she held up her hand.
i can already feel that it is going to strike a chord with our readers.
it appeals to people like cyrus, who love fashion but can not exactly afford the luxuries in the store where he works, but also appeals to the women who read our magazines while lying on the beach in the hamptons.
my heart expanded with each of her words until i worried it might burst.
here what we are going to do.
she rose, her voice authoritative.
you are promoted to the position of editor i squealed, but she held up a hand.
provisionally, for six months.
if, during that six months, you have continued to produce top notch work, you will be an editor, free and clear.
the only reason you are getting the promotion now is so you can focus on your writing.
it is hard to do that and be an assistant, as well.
she smiled as much as her botox allowed.
after all, i started as an assistant, so i know what it is like.
walking to my door, she turned.
but, mark my words, if you slack off or disappoint me, you will be right back in this shoebox, dealing with the ad department, and getting everyone lunch.
got me.
i could not even process the words coming from her mouth, but i stuttered out a response.
yes, i will i mean i will not disappoint you.
thank you, graciela.
i wanted to squeeze her, but that might have turned her into a pile of vampire dust, so i just sat dumbfounded as she disappeared into the hall.
what happened to your hair.
kyrie walked in, the smile on her face warring with a quizzical expression.
i jumped up and ran to her.
give me some sweet tit lovin, bestie.
she laughed and let me snuggle against her as she plucked at the ravaged strands of hair.
but seriously, why did you do this.
i pulled away.
you got me promoted.
she shook her head and kept picking at my hair.
you got you promoted.
graciela was more than a little impressed with your cyrano piece.
it did not hurt that i said you were capable of that on a monthly basis, on top of editing duties.
i could not wipe the smile off my face.
this is huge.
kyrie snorted.
that is what she said.
now, what is with the hair.
grady.
she seemed to cough on her own spit before reining it in.
you let grady cut your hair.
i took the few steps back to my chair and collapsed into it, my mind reeling from the news.
he cut it when i was not looking.
how on earth did he manage to cut your hair without you seeing him.
i do not know.
i had my head on my desk, and i do not even care anymore.
i pinched my arm.
it was real.
i am an editor.
she nodded and leaned against my door frame.
graciela is having the office next to mine cleared.
we will be neighbors.
you will need to hire an assistant, too.
my own assistant.
i kicked my feet.
our assistant.
we will have to share.
i do not care.
besides, i already know who would be perfect for it.
yeah.
cyrus.
he all about fashion, and he guarded my luggage with his life.
she cocked her head to the side.
you are right.
he perfect.
tell him to call hr, and they will get him all set up.
i will.
once i come down.
right now i am just so intensely frickin overwhelmed.
i know.
congratulations, nik.
you deserve it.
i will go and let you make some phone calls.
i am sure you are dying to tell braden and your mom.
my sails deflated a bit.
braden.
we are going to the doctor today.
if it is bad she held up a hand.
it will not be.
and if it is, we will deal.
i picked at the hem of my skirt.
if he gets traded, i will have to leave this.
even though it is finally happening for me, i will have to give it up.
i shook my head.
i should have been worrying about braden instead of myself.
wait and see what the doctor says before you start packing, okay.
she pointed to my phone.
call braden.
he will be thrilled.
trust me.
just do not tell him about grady.
she laughed.
he would not like it, and i still do not know how you let that creeper cut your hair without you noticing.
when she turned to leave, i burst out laughing.
she was missing a sizeable chunk of her brown hair on the left side.
what.
she looked over her shoulder.
oh, nothing.
i picked up the phone to call braden.
nothing at all.
is this the part where you have to give a jizz sample.
i slid between braden knees as he sat on the exam table, his legs dangling off the sides.
i only got a strained smile out of him.
i tried again.
i hear there a nurse here who has a strict three finger method.
how well would you say you know the limits of your own prostate.
his smile grew bigger, and he gripped my ass, pulling me closer.
just because i am in a hospital gown does not mean i can not make you do unspeakable things until the doctor gets here.
he slapped my ass.
color rushed into my cheeks both sets and i got onto my tiptoes.
he leaned forward and gave me a brief kiss, not the breathtaking sort i was used to.
i could feel the worry rolling off him, and my attempts at distraction were not going as well as id hoped.
oh, hang on.
i turned my back to him.
i brought you something to look at while we wait.
i grabbed the latest style and substance issue from my purse and, whoops, dropped it on the floor.
with a sly smile, i looked over my shoulder as i widened my stance and bent at the waist to retrieve it.
braden gaze went right to my hemline, already cut to inappropriate heights, as i reached for the magazine.
he made a small strangled sound when my hands went flat on the floor.
once i had the issue in my fingers, i straightened and turned back to him as if nothing were amiss.
he swallowed hard and crooked a finger at me.
excitement rushed through me as i took the few steps back to the exam table.
is my little slut trying to tease me.
this time he yanked me between his legs.
what gave it away.
my lack of panties.
his cock began to press against the front of his gown.
look what you have done.
i flipped what was left of my hair over my shoulder.
i do not care.
he breathed out hard through his nose.
my sass was getting to him.
i think you need a there was a sharp knock at the door behind braden.
the nurse poked her head in.
doctor sullivan got caught up in the or.
he running late.
we expect him here in fifteen minutes or so.
thanks.
i smiled as she shut the door.
fifteen minutes.
i started to back away to grab my phone so i could text kyrie that i would not be back to work today.
braden gripped my hips hard.
as i was saying before we were interrupted, i think you need a spanking.
heat rushed over my skin like wildfire.
no.
we can not do that in here.
i glanced around at the sterile office, the white tile floors, and the very medical looking cabinets and swabs.
maybe you should have thought of that before you decided to give me a view of that fine pussy when you know i can not sink my cock in you.
he gave me the sexy smirk that always managed to make my knees go weak.
in a swift motion, he gripped my waist and flipped me over his knee.
i squeaked in protest.
braden, your knee is in tip top shape for this little activity.
he gripped the back of my neck and pushed so i laid flat against his thighs, my legs dangling in the air.
the nurse could come in.
he rubbed my ass through the fabric of my skirt.
then you should probably be quiet.
smack.
the sound was loud in my ears, but probably did not go much farther than our room.
the sting was bearable.
at least it was, until he yanked my skirt up and gave me three more strikes on my bare skin in rapid succession.
on the last one, i dug my nails into his calf and barely managed to stifle my cry.
he massaged the sting away, running his hand back and forth across my ass before delving lower.
i bucked, but his hand at my neck tightened.
braden, we can not.
he slid his fingers through my slick folds and sank one inside me.
shh.
i bit back my moan as he pumped in and out of me in a languid rhythm.
that is my good little slut.
teasing me, getting me all worked up.
now you know what a bad idea that is.
i nodded, though being a tease skyrocketed up my list of favorite things to do to braden.
he added a second finger and released my neck to run his hand along my back.
when he leaned over to get a better view of what he was doing to my pussy, i thought i might combust.
in and out, he slowly worked me into a frenzy.
when he drew his fingers to his mouth and licked them clean, i shuddered.
when the door opened and the doctor walked in, i screamed.
braden i looked up as the familiar doctor walked through the door.
hey, doc.
good to see you.
my face had to be bright red as i lifted nik from my lap.
she stood up straight, covering her face with both hands.
i was not sure how to play this one.
it was not every day that my doctor caught me fingerblasting my girlfriend in his office.
i decided to roll with it.
not sure if i am familiar with that technique for examining a patient.
what do you call that.
doc chuckled and walked toward me.
oh my god.
nikki words were muffled against one of her palms that shed clapped over her mouth.
so yeah, doc, this is nikki.
nikki, doc.
nikki held out a hand, still covering her eyes with the other.
it is, umm, nice to meet you.
doc smiled and took nikki hand.
my phone buzzed in my jeans across the room.
nikki hurried over, as if glad for the distraction, and dug it from my pocket.
she handed it to me, and i swiped across the screen.
it was coach.
just a sec, doc.
coach whatd the doctor say.
i quickly typed back a reply.
me he just walked in.
patience, you old fucker.
i will let you know soon.
i started to hand the phone back to nikki when it went off again.
coach suck my dick.
i want to know as soon as you do.
me you will.
i promise, loverboy.
i laughed and gave the phone to nikki, who stowed it in her bag.
she returned to my side and grabbed my hand as the doctor faced me.
he gave her a warm smile, and she squeezed my hand.
they seemed to be over the initial embarrassment, at least.
it was just coach.
i shrugged.
so why are you here.
he turned the warm smile on me.
a draft from the vent on the floor reminded me of the fact i was free balling, and a slight shudder rippled through me.
knee.
i pointed at my leg.
the usual.
those do seem to be a problem with you catchers.
how long has it been hurting.
nikki nudged me with a sharp elbow.
i knew better than to lie.
a few weeks.
tell me what happened.
i ripped a liner to left.
all was fine the first few steps to first, and then i took in a long breath through my nose.
i felt a small pop, and pain radiated through my whole leg.
it kind of went numb for a second.
hmm, i see.
doc reached down and lifted my gown enough to expose my knee.
it is been getting worse.
i can barely walk on it anymore.
and you kept playing on it, did not you.
despite the pain.
he shot me a hard glance.
yeah.
it was stupid, i know.
well, you guys have a lot on the line with your bodies.
you are not the only athlete to play hurt.
do not be too hard on yourself.
i grinned, and nikki glared at doc.
he must have sensed her frustration, because his tone changed.
do not get me wrong.
it would have been better to come in right when it happened.
i do not want you to make a habit of this.
so what do you think is wrong.
nikki folded her arms across her chest.
why do not you lie down, braden, and let me feel around on it.
if you do not mind.
nikki snorted.
sorry.
sorry.
i cracked a smile, loving every bit of her dirty mind.
pushing myself all the way up on the table, i laid on my back as doc prodded my knee from every angle and watched my reactions.
he gripped the ball of my foot, his other hand around my knee, and twisted my leg.
fucking, christ.
i gripped the side of the exam table and winced.
okay.
sorry.
i am done.
he released his hold on my leg.
is it bad.
nikki cringed.
here the thing, guys knees are funny.
there are a lot of things going on in there with every little movement.
we need an mri to know for sure.
doc glanced over at nikki.
she did not appear satisfied with his response.
any ballpark guess.
she made air quotes with her fingers when she said ballpark.
it is probably your acl.
the pop you felt has me concerned that a ligament snapped or tore.
but the fact it was not more pronounced gives me hope it might be less serious.
i really do not feel comfortable guessing until i can see what is going on in there.
it could have been that his knee just rolled out of place for a second, maybe stretched a few things out.
he could have stepped on something in the base path and it is just bruised.
so we just have to wait and see.
i sat up straight, but kept my eyes locked on the floor.
i am done.
it is all going to be over.
nik scooted closer to me and ran her fingers down the back of my arm.
that is not what he said.
there a chance.
right, doc.
i need to order the mri.
i will get you in right now.
i know there a radiologist on duty who can read it.
we can get results in the next thirty minutes or so.
okay.
i tilted my head up to nik face and then turned to doc and nodded.
okay.
let is do it.
these things usually take weeks, and we are going to find out in thirty minutes.
we are doing the best we can, so please just be patient a little while longer.
thanks, doc.
the next thirty minutes was going to be the most torturous span of time in my life.
the end of my career was all i could think about as i sat on the cold metal in front of the big fucking machine.
i had to take my mind off of it somehow as i laid down flat on my back.
do not be getting all jealous now.
nik stared back at me, puzzled.
what.
i glanced to the mri machine.
they are about to shove me all slow like into this giant pussy magnet.
i just want you to know that it is not by choice.
i am doing this because it is what you wanted.
i gave a thumbs up to the giant metal box.
been called a pussy magnet a time or two in my life too.
nik snorted.
mri pussy jokes, huh.
you cheating bastard.
how could you.
just taking one for the team, baby.
i am doing this out of love.
the machine fired up and started to whir.
please hold still.
it was the tech person voice.
we are just taking you in past the knee, that is it.
hear that, babe.
just the tip.
just for a second.
just to see how it feels.
i stiffened my toes to the sound of nik giggling.
wed watched wedding crashers so nik was now in on the jokes.
in and out all quick like.
just a teaser.
the mechanical table moved me in and out a few times before the machine shut down.
the tech walked around and helped me up before leading nikki and i back to the same waiting room.
what was probably fifteen minutes seemed like hours as we waited for the doctor to return.
nikki was uncharacteristically silent as she sat next to me on the exam table.
but she kept my hand in hers and leaned into me, giving support without saying a word.
id told myself i would not worry about anything until i knew what i was up against.
it was silly to do otherwise.
nikki and i jolted upright when we heard the door handle rattle.
the doctor strolled in with a file full of pictures.
nikki tiny hand squeezed around mine.
it is good news, braden.
nikki and i both let out huge sighs.
i turned and smiled at her.
well, not great news, but good.
there no visible ligaments that are detached or torn.
awesome.
nikki squealed and clapped for a moment.
just, hang on a second, okay.
i can see where your mcl is stretched though.
it is most likely strained.
that is what is causing you so much discomfort.
there are a lot of nerves that run through that area of the knee.
playing hurt is not helping it heal at all.
it needs to tighten back up.
he held up his hand and made a fist.
i do not know how you have managed the pain this long without resting.
so i am sorry to tell you this, but the season is over for you.
it will take several months to rehab it back to normal.
it was like a ton of bricks crushed me in the chest.
my lungs deflated, and i dropped my face into my palms.
wait.
you just said it was not torn.
that everything was good.
you said that right.
nikki turned to me.
i heard him say everything was fine.
it was good news.
i could hear nikki scolding tone, but i could not bear the thought of looking at her.
tears started to well in my eyes, because i knew the one big truth with the people in the front office.
it was all about perception.
i was already a liability, and they would use any excuse they could to cut me loose.
at best, theyd use it as leverage to pay me less on my next contract.
i finally lifted my head to the doc and stared into his eyes.
so that is it.
has to be for the season.
he placed a hand on my shoulder and squeezed.
i am afraid so, son.
nikki wrapped her arms around me.
i caught her scowling at the doctor.
it made me grin, knowing how much she wanted me to succeed and be healthy.
it is okay, babe.
he just doing his job.
my words had no effect, and doc was kind enough to still be respectful.
i am sorry, nikki.
if i could fix him right now, i definitely would.
i promise.
i will give you guys a minute.
braden, i am going to write up a prescription to manage the pain, and you need to start rehab as soon as possible.
i will get you all the information and bring in a brace.
thanks again, doc.
after the door closed, and doc had left the room, nikki sniffled.
we will get a second opinion.
he does not know shit.
i chuckled.
babe, he the leading knee specialist in the world.
somehow, i thought she might be more upset than i was.
id expected worse news.
well i just there someone better than him out there.
and we will find them today.
i do not care.
i grabbed her by the arms and turned her to face me.
her eyes misted and her face tinged with a light pink.
it is okay.
i will deal.
somehow.
braden she placed her palms on my cheeks.
you need to let it out.
do not do what you always do.
this has to be torture for you.
i looked away and exhaled a long breath.
i know.
you are right.
i turned back to face her.
i am fucking scared, babe.
what if this is it.
what if i never get to play ball again.
i nuzzled into her shoulder.
it all hit me at once anger, frustration, and sadness.
i wanted to crawl into the corner and die, and at the same time i wanted to burn the building to the ground.
i stared long and hard at her and the tears started to stream down my cheeks.
d do not tell easton.
what.
why.
nik eyes widened at my words.
i wiped away the tears with my forearm.
he will do something crazy.
he might jeopardize his career.
i can not let him do that.
i will tell him when the time is right.
just not now.
not until we know what is going to happen.
okay, babe.
i will do whatever you want.
you know that.
nikki dragged her nails up and down my tricep.
can you bring me my phone.
i need to text coach.
sure.
she hustled over and then returned with my phone.
i took it.
me strained mcl.
out for season.
a blowie would help ease the pain.
while i was chuckling, i caught nikki leaning over my shoulder, reading my message.
you two are ridiculous.
she paced around the room.
all i could think about was leaving the team, leaving my city.
i would not even be able to fuck around with coach anymore.
id still be able to text him, but it would not be the same.
he was my mentor and a great friend.
my phone vibrated in my hand.
coach i am sorry.
we will figure it out.
i need to meet with you as soon as you leave there.
can you come by the clubhouse.
me sure i need to meet with coach.
let is get out of here.
okay, babe.
nikki grabbed my arm like i was wheelchair bound to help me off the exam table.
i had all but my jeans on when doc opened the door.
hey, we need to put a brace on that knee.
give it some support.
good timing.
i pushed myself up onto the examination table.
i do not have to tell you how to use one of these.
he made quick work of strapping everything into place.
nope.
i am indeed familiar.
thought so.
i sent the paperwork over to the physical therapist is office.
let is do another appointment in two weeks to check your progress.
i stared at the floor, defeated.
sounds good.
braden i walked through the door to coach office and sat down in a chair in front of his desk.
so, about that blowie.
i made a show of starting to unzip my pants.
coach shook his head and smiled.
you are such a little shit.
i sensed the goodbye speech was coming soon.
coach started to say something when his eyes grew big, and his face wrinkled.
he stared at the door behind me.
what do you want.
i whipped around, and ingram was standing there with a smug grin on his face.
braden, we need a word with you upstairs.
ingram glared at coach, but the corners of his lips turned up in the slightest hint of a smile.
alone.
the fuck he going alone.
coach sprang up from his chair.
what is this about.
it is none of your concern, coach.
ingram smirked.
it is a need to know meeting.
and all you need to know is how to put together a winning team with the tools we provide you.
this is outside of your domain.
coach marched around me and was in ingram face in a heartbeat.
you are a little prick.
you know that.
do not think you are going to walk in here and bully me and my players, asshole.
i have a contract, and i have lawyers who know how to read the fucking thing.
you are stuck with me for at least three more years.
now take your little spreadsheets and math, and get the fuck out of my office before i shove your head so far up your ass you enjoy yesterday lunch for a second time.
threats of assault, weak one liners.
ingram held his hand up and mocked coach rant by opening and closing his fingers against his thumb.
get some new material, old man.
the asshole put his hand on my shoulder, and i wanted to crush his goddamn knuckles.
braden, we need a word.
as soon as you and coach are finished.
coach started to talk and i held up my hand.
it is fine, coach.
i moved my gaze to ingram.
i will be up in a minute.
hurry it up.
ingram made sure to chuckle at coach before he walked out of the room.
i stood outside the large, wooden door to ingram office before finally pushing it open.
my heart dropped into my stomach when i saw the owners and higher ups of the organization sitting around a conference table.
they were all staring at me.
i glanced around the room at the ornate woodwork and fancy furniture.
these assholes were so out of touch with the team.
it was no wonder they made piss poor decisions constantly.
but what did i know.
i was an uneducated ballplayer, not a harvard mba.
instinctively, i tried to hide my limp, but realized the show was over when i looked around.
i hobbled to the open chair on my side of the table.
braden, have a seat.
ingram had a wide smile affixed to his smug face.
i could not burn any bridges in case there was still hope they were going to keep me around.
id be a fucking backup bullpen catcher for peanuts if it meant i could still come to the field every day.
i turned to the owner.
art.
i gave him a quick nod that he returned.
jerry, sam, chris.
i shook hands with a few who stood to greet me before i took my seat.
we know about the knee.
ingram did not waste any time getting to business.
yeah, i just got back from the it is irrelevant.
ingram cut me off and waved a hand in the air before i could finish my sentence.
i sensed tension in the room.
id been a franchise player for seven seasons with the ravens, ever since id been drafted.
many fans and commentators called me the face of the team.
i knew most of these guys families.
id been to their houses for dinner and helped with their kids little league teams.
ingram was the only one i did not have a personal connection with.
you have not put up the numbers we need, all season.
all of your stats are down.
now with the knee, you are even more of a liability.
so we a commotion rang out in the hallway.
it was ingram secretary voice.
her stern yells grew clearer with each second that passed.
they are in a meeting.
i was told they were not to be disturbed.
you can not just barge get out of my way or i will move you, margaret.
coach voice.
he burst through the door.
his face was fiery red, and veins bulged from his neck.
this whole meeting in here is bull fucking shit, ingram.
coach head was on a swivel, eyeing every other face in the room.
and the rest of you goddamn know it.
i have never been so ashamed to be a part of this organization.
and i have been with you for fifteen fucking years.
coach, do not.
i shook my head at him.
i knew what he was doing.
it was not worth it.
itd only mean both of us looking for a job instead of just me.
we both knew what they were about to tell me.
it is not worth it.
just go cool off.
see what i mean.
ingram shrugged at the other guys in the room.
his own player gives better advice than he does.
ingram scoffed and turned his back to coach.
you little maggot shitting cocksucker.
i do not give a fuck if i lose my job.
if he goes coach shot a finger in my direction.
then i go.
see, that is your problem, you arrogant little prick.
you want to quantify baseball and put everything in a pretty little number box.
baseball is not an exact science.
it is an art.
that kid leadership, attitude, and character are more valuable than any spreadsheet you can build.
but you are such a pompous dick face that you can not see any of it through your massive ego.
coach.
please.
just go.
i can handle this.
he was going to lose his job, and it was all because of me.
you shut it, braden.
this is not about you.
it is about his problem with me.
he glared down the long table at ingram.
he does not like the fact that i have a contract he can not touch.
i am a thorn in his side.
and while he might not think that you and i are worth our money, the others in this room do.
they know it.
and it is keeping him from getting what he wants.
you think you are irreplaceable.
you are a dinosaur.
go on then.
you can go with braden wherever you want and be mediocre together for all i care.
ingram belted out a laugh.
you have no leverage here, coach.
i do.
every head in the room whipped around to the giant that filled the entire door frame.
this does not concern you, holliday.
this is a closed meeting.
ingram frowned.
easton stalked toward ingram.
fuck.
i shook my head.
e, you should not be here, man.
easton stopped next to me.
i stared up at him, silently telling him to not make a scene while simultaneously swelling with gratitude that hed even attempt it.
he paused for a brief moment, glancing down at me.
no, you should not be here.
i turned away, and caught coach grinning his dick off at ingram.
he probably hoped easton was about to pummel his face.
instead, easton marched over and stood a few feet away from ingram and folded his arms across his broad chest.
he leaned down so that they were nose to nose and jabbed ingram chest with his index finger.
if he goes, i go.
ingram chuckled.
you have a contract.
do not be stupid, holliday.
you just signed a new one before the season.
easton glared back at him.
do you think i am more worried about breaking a contract than standing up for my best friend.
you are an idiot if you believe that.
fine.
you know what.
fuck it, holliday.
you can kick rocks too.
ingram started to pace, and easton chuckled.
ingram turned to face him.
well what is so damn funny.
this.
easton kept his gaze trained on ingram, and hollered over his shoulder, fellas.
i watched the door, wondering what the hell easton was up to.
one by one, every player on the roster walked into the room.
ramirez was front and center, and shot me a wink.
each guy nodded to me and said, captain, before glaring at ingram.
ingram balled his hands into fists at his sides and started toward coach.
easton stepped in his path and waggled a finger at him.
ingram chest rose and fell in huge waves with each breath he took.
i know coach put all of you up to this.
you old bastard.
you think you are so smart.
you are hurting the team with all of your bullshit.
the cogs started to turn in my head.
who put easton and the guys up to this.
it could not have been coach.
he did not know in time to organize them all and get them together.
then it hit me all at once.
nikki.
my heart swelled and a tingling sensation radiated up through my chest and face.
she had not listened to me and went to easton anyway.
id been trying to protect him, but it was she who was protecting me.
at that moment, something inside of me changed.
id always believed id choose nikki over baseball, but now i knew it in my heart.
i could not explain it, but baseball became less important.
i still loved it, but nikki was front and center.
she was more important than anything and anyone else in my life.
if i did not have her, i did not have anything.
ingram started another one of his rants and art, the owner, rose to his feet.
i think i have seen enough here, ingram.
ingram whipped his head up to look at him with a puzzled stare.
what.
i think we need to reassess.
he turned to me.
braden, we know you need to rehab and can not play the rest of the season.
the news hurts us as much as it hurts you.
trust me when i tell you that, son.
we still want you in the dugout, leading in any capacity you are willing to take on.
ingram laughed.
you have to be art glared in his direction and flexed his jaw, speaking through gritted teeth.
that is enough.
ingram face tightened into a mean glare.
you can not do this.
you pay me to manage the business interests of this organization.
yes, and we have a board of directors to oversee your management of said affairs.
we also have bylaws for situations like this.
or did you not do your due diligence before signing a business contract.
well, umm, i ingram hemmed and hawed.
that is what i thought.
we will see how the rehab goes and offer braden a one year contract at that time.
we will reassess at the end of next season.
now, ingram, you find a way to work together with this team he paused.
who are the real reason we are all here in the first place, or you can find yourself at the end of a contract negotiation as well.
got me.
ingram stared at the ground and brushed his hands down his slacks.
understood.
good.
art turned back to me.
i hope you will consider sticking with the ravens, son.
you have done so much for us.
this is the least we can do to repay you for your years of service.
i walked to him as fast as i could without tweaking my knee, and shook his hand.
tears streamed down my face.
i will not let you down, sir.
you never have, son.
no reason to think youd start now.
art strode toward the door.
ingram followed with a look of defeat on his face.
i hobbled over and took the brunt of a rowdy group hug from all the guys.
after a few moments, i grabbed easton by the arm and stared up at his pretty boy face.
take me to her.
his keys jingled as he shook them in front of me.
i am on it, captain.
nikki the sun streamed through the small window in my new office, but i could not shake off the chill of worry.
i forced myself to continue unpacking my things even though my thoughts constantly strayed to braden and his meeting with the coach.
where do you want this.
cyrus bustled in with a box of style and substance back issues.
i pointed to the empty spot on the floor next to my new love seat.
there.
he placed the box where id said and turned to me.
wearing a crisp button down and well fitting slacks, he was easily the handsomest man in the office, maybe the building.
having him under my thumb as an assistant should have cheered me.
instead, i was listless and distracted as i leaned against my desk.
he tilted his chin toward the vase of flowers on my desk.
did you call your mom and thank her.
i glanced at the tasteful arrangement of calla lilies shed sent to congratulate me on my promotion.
shed written the card herself, telling me she was proud and entreating me to bring braden by the house again no games.
on any other day, i would have done a cartwheel upon receiving such a message from her.
heard anything.
cyrus perched next to me, his light cologne a perfect accent to his easy charm.
not since i spilled to easton.
i should not have done it, but i could not help it.
braden needed backup if he was going to have a chance at staying on with the ravens.
easton was more than happy to lend a hand.
in fact, id only gotten halfway through my spiel when i heard the distinct roar of his truck engine and squealing tires.
i am on my way, nik.
we will keep him.
i will do whatever i have to do.
the phone call had ended over an hour ago, but id had no word since.
squeak squeak.
oh, fuck.
i could not deal with creepy grady on top of everything else.
cyrus snorted.
the squeaking picked up its pace, and grady shot by my office with a quickness i did not know he possessed.
what was that.
after you told me about your hair, i had a little chat with grady in the mail room.
cyrus cracked his knuckles in an intimidating, slow way.
suffice it to say, he will not be bothering you anymore.
kyrie, either.
all your mail comes to me.
so there no reason for him to talk to you, much less get close enough to steal anything else from your person.
if he even looks at you wrong, let me know.
you did that for me.
he smiled, and dimples appeared in his smooth cheeks.
yep.
i am your bitch, after all.
i will do whatever i have to so that you and kyrie stay happy.
thanks.
i leaned over and bumped him with my elbow.
i appreciate it.
can i ask for one little thing in return, maybe.
he ran a hand through his naturally wavy hair.
sure.
there a girl in accounting, perfect hourglass, long dark hair.
do you know her name.
clara.
thanks.
he grinned.
have i mentioned how happy i am the handbook did not include a non fraternization policy.
i laughed.
you did not, but i approve of your tomcatting efforts.
get you some and tell me all about it afterwards.
i need some spicy tales in my life.
will do.
he stood and walked to my door.
i have got a few more boxes to get for you, and then i will help you organize.
thanks.
my pleasure.
he strode into the hallway and out of sight.
did you see grady move past here like he was at daytona.
kyrie walked in, her red dress saying sex kitten and her prim black cardigan saying librarian.
so, i supposed the mix said sex librarian.
yeah, apparently cyrus had a chat with him after the hair incident.
kyrie laughed.
easton actually asked me if id done something to my hair.
all this time, hed never noticed when i got a haircut, but after just one trip to salon de pervert, he was all over it.
i smiled, but could not quite make it to a laugh.
she sighed and opened her arms.
come here.
i went to her.
my eyes began to sting, and i fought back my tears.
what if they release him.
what if he gets traded.
shh.
she ran her hand through my hair.
you are on the jump to conclusions mat.
step away from it and relax.
there no point worrying until we hear from him, okay.
i nodded and moved my head down to snuggle into her chest.
her big, fluffy tits had always been soothing.
easton has not texted either.
no.
you know id tell you first thing.
she held me for a while, waiting for me to sack up and step away.
it was hard to do when her tits were made to be the perfect comfort pillows.
everything will work out, you know.
she gave me a hard squeeze.
i know.
i straightened and wiped a tear from each side of my face.
i am okay.
looking around at my boxed up office, i sighed.
i need to unpack anyway.
should take my mind off it.
kyrie walked over to the love seat and ran her hand across the brown leather.
this looks perfect in here.
you will not be able to get me out of your office.
i smiled.
good.
i have no clue what i am doing so your help is kind of important.
she pointed at a bare spot in the back corner near the window.
get a mini fridge with some booze in it, and i will talk to graciela about taking the wall down between our offices.
will do.
i managed a small chuckle before locking my gaze with hers.
and thank you.
for everything.
she waved a nonchalant hand.
do not worry about it.
i am always here for you.
no matter what.
so am i.
braden voice sounded in the hallway and he appeared in my doorway, a huge grin on his face.
i darted to him, and he caught me in his arms.
what is the news.
is it okay.
are you he bent me back and claimed my mouth in a kiss that made my knees turn to jelly.
his tongue teased my lips, then sank into my mouth as my eyes fluttered closed.
i will just be outside.
kyrie edged past us and into the hallway.
braden ran one hand down to my ass and squeezed, his deep groan vibrating from his chest to mine.
he lifted me and carried me into my office despite his limp.
with a kick and a groan, he shut my door.
pulling me up so i had no choice but to wrap my legs around him, he kissed down my neck.
heat flashed across my skin, and my pussy went from desert to rainforest in moments.
so, good news.
i squirmed as his cock hardened against me and his lips traveled lower.
i am staying on.
now stop talking and let me fuck you in your new office like the little slut you are.
i moaned right as loud music started playing in kyrie office next door.
that little bitch was covering for me, and i loved her for it.
worry had me struggling to get free of his grip, but it was no use.
braden, you will get me fired.
he laid me down on my loveseat and crushed me with his weight.
i guess that means you need to be quiet.
one palm slapped over my mouth, and he used the other to hike my skirt up.
when he grazed my wet panties, he thrust his hips against me.
i am going to push these to the side and sink my cock inside you until you come.
then i am going to give you every last drop.
my thighs went up in flames as he lifted up to unbutton his jeans and pull them down.
his thick cock sprang free from his boxers.
i whimpered when he settled on top of me again and his fingers pushed my panties all the way to the side as promised.
is this what you want, my little slut.
he surged forward with his hips, rubbing his smooth cock against my clit as he pinned me with his body.
i nodded, and he covered my mouth again.
lifting my hips, i moaned when he plunged inside me.
my eyes rolled back in my head as he started a hard rhythm, grinding against me as he bit and sucked my neck.
i inched my leg higher until i hooked my heel against the top of the loveseat.
each hard thrust hit my clit, and i angled myself so that he went deep enough to hit my spot.
that is it.
i know how my perfect slut likes it.
he bit my ear, filth falling from his lips and sending me higher.
i love this wet little cunt.
i am going to leave it messy.
then when you get home, i am going to fuck it again, because it is mine.
i moaned loud, but he caught it with his palm and gave me a devilish smirk.
tell me it is mine.
i want to hear it.
he released his grip on my mouth.
i gasped as he surged inside me, keeping his strokes hard and deep.
he groaned when i ran my nails down his back.
say it.
who owns this pussy.
you do.
it was more of a whine than anything else.
the thrill of being caught was like gasoline on the fire, and i was already losing myself in pleasure.
that is right.
whose slut are you.
all my tension pooled in my clit, and each thrust from braden sent me closer to the edge.
i gasped when he bit my neck.
yours, only yours.
that is right.
he slapped his palm back over my mouth and shoved forward even harder until the vase on my desk rattled with his impacts.
my hips began to seize, and braden bore down, grinding his hips on my clit.
i came with a moan, my eyes clenching shut as he worked my body.
fucking hell.
his hips thrust forward and his cock kicked inside me as he grunted and slowed his pace.
starbursts lit the back of my eyelids, and i was faintly aware of the music next door quieting down.
i gulped in air when braden removed his hand, but he quickly replaced it with his lips.
he kissed me gently, his tongue giving loving strokes.
i hugged him close as happiness welled inside me.
he pulled away and stared into my eyes.
that was hot as fuck.
i smiled and leaned up to give him another kiss.
agreed.
he sat back and pulled his boxers and jeans back in place.
then he arranged my panties for me and smoothed down my skirt.
i need to go to the bathr i do not think so.
he bent down and kissed me hard.
i want you wearing me for the rest of the day.
my pussy quivered at his filthy request.
he smirked.
a thump sounded from next door and the music grew louder again.
i could hear a soft moan nearby, as if kyrie were against the wall that separated our offices.
i cocked my head to the side.
easton.
he sat back and pulled me up to sit next to him.
fucking stealing my thunder over there.
acting like it was his idea to fuck his woman at the office.
come here.
he lifted me so i sat in his lap sideways.
my heart still thundered as i tried to come down from the high hed given me.
so you are staying.
he ran his hand down my back.
we are staying.
easton pulled some oh captain, my captain shit without the homosexual undertones.
it worked.
management is keeping me around while i heal up, and i will play next season if all goes well.
i cradled his face in my hands.
i am so happy i might just shit a rainbow.
he laughed as another thump and a squeal carried from next door.
i am happy, too.
but he pulled me into his chest.
i want you to know that while baseball makes me happy, nothing beats the way i feel when i am with you.
you are my life, nikki.
not the game.
not my career.
you.
i pulled back and stared into his earnest eyes.
do you mean it.
i have never been more serious about anything in my life.
his voice trembled and his eyes began to sparkle with tears.
nobody has ever done anything like that for me before.
i love you.
id do it again.
i love you too, baby.
i wrapped my arms around his neck and smiled.
it looks like i chased the right set of cleats.
he hovered his lips over mine, promising me another breathtaking kiss.
and i have made the perfect catch.
nikki months later the stadium roared on all sides, creating a wall of sound to greet the ravens as they took the field on opening day.
i rose to my feet and screamed for braden as he trotted from the dugout and gave me a wide smile.
is it always this hot.
my mother clicked open an ornate pink fan.
it is springtime.
perfect baseball weather.
the opening day magic floated in the air, brightening the grass, giving the sky a little extra blue, and making a world series season seem possible.
the baseball gods smiled as the players got ready to begin the inning.
i brought my gaze back down to the player who stole my heart.
braden kicked up some dirt at home plate as the first batter for the sentinels took some practice swings.
hey, catcher.
go easy on those knees.
kasey cupped her hands around her mouth.
you will have to use them later when you take a big ol easton dog right in your kisser.
i turned and gave her a pointed glare, then glanced to my family and back to her.
she shrugged.
what.
mom covered her face with her fan and shook her head.
oh, come on, cat.
it is all in good fun.
dad wrapped his arm around her shoulders.
she peeked over her fan as braden waved at me and then gave kasey the finger.
i laughed, joy bubbling inside me at how natural he looked on the field.
his rehab had gone well, and his mcl had healed without any lingering pain or problems.
today was the test, though the first full game since he was pulled last season.
id done some extra bedazzling on my tank top and shorty shorts with his number, and id forced kyrie into wearing my bedazzled gifts, too.
we were the team number one fans, and we bore bedazzled proof.
ball parks never change.
it smells the same way it did when i was twelve years old.
ben looped his arm across the back of kasey chair.
what do you think, kase.
are the ravens going to bring this game home.
not with shitnuts as catcher and cuntflaps as pitcher, no.
she grinned, tossed a piece of popcorn in the air, and caught it in her mouth.
come on.
why so little faith.
ben had a crush on kasey since they first met over christmas break.
he could not come to terms with the fact that she was not into men.
it was kind of cute, if doomed.
have you ever heard of a little something called a jinx.
kasey slapped him on the side of his head.
i am not going to say what i really think lest the baseball gods come down on us.
so just agree with me that we are fucked.
totally fucked.
he nodded.
the umpire yelled to get the game going, and the crowd roared with approval.
my stomach twisted in a knot as braden hunkered down behind the plate and parham took the mound.
how long do you think it will take for them to score a goal.
my mom stowed her fan and pulled out her phone.
mom, pay attention.
this is important to me.
i took my seat next to her.
and to braden.
braden had managed to smooth over the ruffled feathers from his first meeting with my parents.
wed spent the christmas break in florida at my parents house.
hed charmed them with his baseball tales to the point that even mom warmed to him.
it did not hurt that shed discovered the number of zeroes attached to the end of his salary as starting catcher for the ravens.
i had not heard so much as a peep from her about carter since the incident outside the restaurant.
and please do not ever say score a goal in the ballpark ever again.
my dad eyes were bright and focused on the game.
or whatever it is they do.
she waved her hand at the batter who swung and missed on his first pitch.
braden threw the ball back to parham and squatted back behind the plate.
two more strikes, and the hitter was out.
it was an almost even game for the first few innings.
but in the sixth, when braden knocked in two runs with a shot down the first base line, the ravens went up by four.
the stadium relaxed, though opening day excitement still maintained a hum of adrenaline.
i am going to get some more beer.
kasey stood during the seventh inning stretch.
anyone want.
ben scrambled to his feet.
i will go with you.
kasey put a hand to his chest.
no thanks.
your trouser snake will scare away all the pussy.
i can not have you cramping my game.
mom slapped kasey leg.
honestly.
do you really have to be so vulgar all the time.
kasey smirked.
yeah, pretty much.
so, you feeling a bud, mrs.
graves.
mom sighed.
i will have a stella in a nice glass.
if they do not have a nice glass, make sure whatever they put it in is clean.
yes, maam.
i will spit shine it myself if i have to.
kasey took the stadium steps two at a time, and ben sank down next to me.
i patted his knee.
it is never going to happen.
you know this, right.
i do not know what you are talking about.
he trained his eyes on parham, whose arm was starting to fade.
kasey is a poon hound.
trust me.
remember when she groped my tits on national tv.
yeah.
he snorted.
that was pretty funny.
that is who she is.
you are not going to change her.
trust me.
i guess you are right.
she just so not for you.
i kept my tone emphatic.
i got it loud and clear.
i have plenty of other prospects.
he shrugged.
kasey is not the only poon hound around here.
i pretended to vomit.
yick.
kyrie jumped up and darted to the net.
easton coming out.
i knew he liked the cock all along.
kasey had returned and handed a beer to my mother.
she took a big swig of her own and smacked kyrie on the ass as she walked past.
kyrie shot her a glare.
you know what i mean.
braden stood and ran out to the mound to greet him.
but halfway there, he took an odd step.
my breath caught in my throat.
i watched in horror as he collapsed, his knee giving way.
mom clutched my hand.
shit.
kasey drew out the word as easton ran to braden.
easton hit the turf and felt around on braden knee as his teammates began to draw in closer.
i could not blink, my eyes riveted on braden as he gripped his knee and rolled back and forth.
the coach came from the dugout and called time while he went to investigate.
please no, please no, please god no.
the coach bent over and had a word before backing away and talking to the ump.
easton got to his feet, then helped braden onto his good leg.
he hobbled a few steps, until easton scooped him up and threw him over his shoulder.
instead of walking to the dugout, easton carried him to the wall at the edge of the net.
i dashed over and pushed through the fans with kyrie right behind me.
my eyes watered as easton set braden down on his good leg.
leaning over the brick wall, i saw the tears in his eyes.
then he fell, dropping to his knee.
easton followed him down, both of them sobbing, their faces turned toward the grass.
oh my god, is it that bad.
i put a hand to my mouth.
it is really bad, nik.
braden voice shook.
i clenched my eyes shut as dread washed through me.
had the mcl finally pulled all the way free.
a game changer.
easton slapped braden on the back.
a show stopper.
all over, man.
for the both of us.
they reached into their pockets.
my brain could not process it.
why were they on their knees and holding velvet ring boxes.
the crowd around me began to titter and yell, and then the entire stadium started cheering as my shocked face was broadcast on the giant monitors.
kyrie gripped my elbow as we both stared down at the tricksters in the grass holding diamond rings.
fuckbags been running a game on us.
kasey leaned on the brick wall to get a better view of braden and easton and the rings they offered.
nice hardware, though.
someone with excellent taste must have helped pick them out.
she gave a self satisfied smirk.
i swallowed hard, and kyrie began to tremble at my side.
easton grinned.
kyrie braden grinned even bigger.
nikki in unison they asked, will you marry me.
sign up for our newsletters to be the first to know about new releases and giveaways no spam, just goodies.
celia aaron newsletter sloane howell newsletter dark romance by celia aaron sinclair the acquisition series, prologue sinclair vinemont, an impeccable parish prosecutor, conducts his duties the same way he conducts his life every move calculated, every outcome assured.
when he sees something he wants, he takes it.
when he finds a hint of weakness, he capitalizes.
but what happens when he sees stella rousseau for the very first time.
counsellor the acquisition series, book in the heart of louisiana, the most powerful people in the south live behind elegant gates, mossy trees, and pleasant masks.
once every ten years, the pretense falls away and a tournament is held to determine who will rule them.
the acquisition is a crucible for the southern nobility, a love letter written to a time when barbarism was enshrined as law.
now, sinclair vinemont is in the running to claim the prize.
there is only one way to win, and he has the key to do it stella rousseau, his acquisition.
to save her father, stella has agreed to become sinclair slave for one year.
though she is at the mercy of the cold, treacherous vinemont, stella will not go willingly into darkness.
as sinclair and stella battle against each other and the clock, only one thing is certain the acquisition always ends in blood.
magnate the acquisition series, book lucius vinemont has spirited me away to a world of sugar cane and sun.
there is nothing he cannot give me on his lavish cuban plantation.
each gift seduces me, each touch seals my fate.
there is no more talk of depraved competitions or his older brother  the one whod stolen me, claimed me, and made me feel things i never should have.
even as lucius works to make me forget sinclair, my thoughts stray back to him, to the dark blue eyes that haunt my sweetest dreams and bitterest nightmares.
just like every dream, this one must end.
christmas will soon be here, and with it, the second trial of the acquisition.
sovereign the acquisition series, book the acquisition has ruled my life, ruled my every waking moment since sinclair vinemont first showed up at my house offering an infernal bargain to save my father life.
now i know the stakes.
the charade is at an end, and sinclair has far more to lose than i ever did.
but this knowledge has not strengthened me.
instead, each revelation breaks me down until nothing is left but my fight and my rage.
as i struggle to survive, only one question remains.
how far will i go to save those i love and burn the acquisition to the ground.
sports romance by celia aaron kicked trent carrington.
trent mr.
perfect has everyone fooled carrington.
he the star quarterback, university scholar, and happens to be the sexiest man i have ever seen.
he shines at any angle, and especially under the saturday night stadium lights where i watch him from the sidelines.
but i know the real him, the one who broke my heart and pretended i did not exist for the past two years.
i am the third string kicker, the only woman on the team and nothing better than a mascot.
until i am not.
until i get my chance to earn a full scholarship and join the team as first string.
the only way i will make the cut is to accept help from the one man i swore to never trust again.
the problem is, with each stolen glance and lingering touch, i begin to realizing that trusting trent is not the problem.
it is that i can not trust myself when i am around him.
short sexy reads by celia aaron a stepbrother for christmas the hard and dirty holidays annalise dreads seeing her stepbrother at her family christmas get together.
niles had always been so nasty, tormenting her in high school after their parents had gotten married.
british and snobby, niles did everything he could to hurt annalise when they were younger.
now, annalise has not seen niles in three years he been away at school in england and annalise has started her pre med program in dallas.
when they reconnect, dark memories threaten, sparks fly, and they give true meaning to the hard and dirty holidays.
bad boy valentine the hard and dirty holidays jess has always been shy.
keeping her head down and staying out of sight have served her well, especially when a sexy photographer moves in across the hall from her.
michael has a budding career, a dark past, and enough ink and piercings to make jess mouth water.
she is well equipped to watched him through her peephole and stalk him on social media.
but what happens when the bad boy next door comes knocking.
bad boy valentine wedding the hard and dirty holidays jess and michael have been engaged for three years, waiting patiently for jess to finish law school before taking the next step in their relationship.
as the wedding date approaches, their dedication to each other only grows, but outside forces seek to tear them apart.
the bad boy will have to fight to keep his bride and jess will have to trust him with her whole heart to make their happy ending a reality.
fck of the irish the hard and dirty holidays eamon is my crush, the one guy i can not stop thinking about.
his irish accent, toned body, and sparkling eyes captivated me the second i saw him.
but since he slept with my roommate, who claims she still loves him, he been off limits.
despite my prohibition on dating him, he has other other ideas.
resisting him is the key to keeping my roommate happy, but giving in may bring me more pleasure than i ever imagined.
forced by the kingpin forced series, book i have been on the trail of the local mob kingpin for months.
i know his haunts, habits, and vices.
the only thing i did not know was how obsessed he was with me.
now, caught in his trap, i am about to find out how far he and his local cop on the take will go to keep me silent.
forced by the professor forced series, book i have been in professor stevens class for a semester.
he brilliant, severe, and hot as hell.
i have not been particularly attentive, prepared, or timely, but he has not said anything to me about it.
i figure he must not mind and intends to let me slide.
at least i thought that was the case until he told me to stay after class today.
maybe he will let me off with a warning.
forced by the hitmen forced series, book i stayed out of my father business.
his dirty money never mattered to me, so long as my trust fund was full of it.
but now i have been kidnapped by his enemies and stuffed in a bag.
the rough men who took me have promised to hurt me if i make a sound or try to run.
i know, deep down, they are going to hurt me no matter what i do.
now i am cuffed to their bed.
will i ever see the light of day again.
forced by the stepbrother forced series, book dancing for strange men was the biggest turn on id ever known.
until i met him.
he was able to control me, make me hot, make me need him, with nothing more than a look.
but he was a fantasy.
just another client who worked me up and paid my bills.
until he found me, the real me.
now, he backed me into a corner.
his threats and promises, darkly whispered in tones of sex and violence, have bound me surer than the cruelest ropes.
at first i was unsure, but now i know  him being my stepbrother is the least of my worries.
forced by the quarterback forced series, book for three years, id lusted after jericho, my brother best friend and quarterback of our college football team.
he never paid me any attention, considering me nothing more than a little sister he never had.
now, i am starting freshman year and i am sharing a suite with my brother.
jericho is over all the time, but he will never see me as anything other than the shy girl he met three years ago.
but that is not who i am.
not really.
to get over jericho  and to finally get off  i have arranged a meeting with hardcoredom.
if i can not have jericho, i will give myself to a man who will master me, force me, and dominate me the way i desperately need.
zeus taken by olympus, book one minute i am looking after an injured gelding, the next i am tied to a luxurious bed.
i never believed in fairy tales, never gave a second thought to myths.
now that i have been kidnapped by a man with golden eyes and a body that makes my mouth water, i am not sure what i believe anymore.
but i know what i want.
cash remington and the missing heiress sexy dreadfuls, book i am the best operator in the entire agency.
the plum assignments always mine.
so when an american heiress goes missing, i am the guy they call to get her back.
rescuing collette stanford is my mission.
what i do to her after that is purely up to me, as long as she makes it back to the states in one piece.
i will kill the bad guys, get the girl, and get a little taste of what the heiress has to offer.
none of this is negotiable.
i am cash remington, and i never miss.
cash remington and the rum run sexy dreadfuls, book i plunder the sea, steal what i can, and never look back.
it is a pirate captain life for me.
when my crew and i discover a destroyed ship floating on the endless waves, we scavenge it for every scrap of cloth and every morsel of food.
inside, i find a treasure gold, gems, and a girl.
i will ravage the girl, spend the gold, and use the gem to buy the ship of my dreams the gloomy lotus.
at least that is the plan until the kraken, a whirlpool, and a six headed beast attack my ship.
despite the danger, i still intend to have my way with the girl.
nothing can stop me.
i am cash remington, and i take what i want.
novels by sloane howell the matriarch an erotic superhero romance the matriarch trilogy, book betrayal is easy, sex is a weapon, and information is power.
maggie madison sits in the lofty towers of her city during the day, but at night she lurks the seedy underbelly, looking to snare the man who stole her innocence.
her simple quest becomes complicated when she meets a man who is as light as she is dark, as straightforward as she is deceptive.
when a villain rises and sets her world alight, she must weigh her need for revenge against the good of the city she vowed to protect.
shorts and novellas by sloane howell the panty whisperer volume the panty whisperer series, book have you ever been pushed to the edge, and then over it.
have you ever had your toes cramp and your head shoot to the sky, trying to log every touch, every feeling in your memory, to reenact every situation later in the shower, or underneath your cool bed sheets.
have you ever had someone own your mind, penetrating every single one of your sexual fantasies, unable to shake free of them.
the thought of me will be a thirst you can not quench, an itch you just can not scratch, a drug that you cannot have.
every time you run your fingers down over your body, longing for that unattainable feeling i gave you, that warm sensation shooting into your toes, that complete surrender of all inhibition, aching for me to have you just one more time, i will be there, inside your mind.
my name is joel hannover and i am the panty whisperer.
some men are good at business, some gifted at mathematics i am good at making women come, hard.
it is a gift i have possessed my entire life.
if there was a girl nobody could bed, i was the first to get there.
i always get there.
i work as an accounting software consultant.
that is a fancy way of saying i am a salesman.
accounting departments are full of women, dressed conservatively, presumed to live boring, mundane lives.
nothing could be further from the truth.
these women are unique, sexual creatures, yearning for someone to take them to their breaking point and beyond.
jessica moore is one such woman, mid thirties, bad marriage, basically raising the kids all on her own.
she is sexy as hell, she just does not know what she capable of.
will i give her everything she longs for.
you will just have to read to find out.
the panty whisperer, volumes the panty whisperer series, books joel is back.
this collection includes the original plus four additional fast paced, panty dropping short stories.
have you ever been pushed to the edge, and then over it.
have you ever had your toes cramp and your head shoot to the sky, trying to log every touch, every feeling in your memory, to reenact every situation later in the shower, or underneath your cool bed sheets.
have you ever had someone own your mind, penetrating every single one of your sexual fantasies, unable to shake free of them.
the thought of me will be a thirst you can not quench, an itch you just can not scratch, a drug that you cannot have.
every time you run your fingers down over your body, longing for that unattainable feeling i gave you, that warm sensation shooting into your toes, that complete surrender of all inhibition, aching for me to have you just one more time, i will be there, inside your mind.
my name is joel hannover and i am the panty whisperer.
some men are good at business, some gifted at mathematics i am good at making women come, hard.
it is a gift i have possessed my entire life.
if there was a girl nobody could bed, i was the first to get there.
i always get there.
i work as an accounting software consultant.
that is a fancy way of saying i am a salesman.
accounting departments are full of women, dressed conservatively, presumed to live boring, mundane lives.
nothing could be further from the truth.
these women are unique, sexual creatures, yearning for someone to take them to their breaking point and beyond.
will joel finally meet his match.
you will have to read to find out.
the panty whisperer, volume the panty whisperer series, book has joel finally met his match.
this is a follow up novella to the first five short stories in the panty whisperer serial.
have you ever been pushed to the edge, and then over it.
have you ever had your toes cramp and your head shoot to the sky, trying to log every touch, every feeling in your memory, to reenact every situation later in the shower, or underneath your cool bed sheets.
have you ever had someone own your mind, penetrating every single one of your sexual fantasies, unable to shake free of them.
the thought of me will be a thirst you can not quench, an itch you just can not scratch, a drug that you cannot have.
every time you run your fingers down over your body, longing for that unattainable feeling i gave you, that warm sensation shooting into your toes, that complete surrender of all inhibition, aching for me to have you just one more time, i will be there, inside your mind.
my name is joel hannover and i am the panty whisperer.
some men are good at business, some gifted at mathematics i am good at making women come, hard.
it is a gift i have possessed my entire life.
if there was a girl nobody could bed, i was the first to get there.
i always get there.
i work as an accounting software consultant.
that is a fancy way of saying i am a salesman.
accounting departments are full of women, dressed conservatively, presumed to live boring, mundane lives.
nothing could be further from the truth.
these women are unique, sexual creatures, yearning for someone to take them to their breaking point and beyond.
how will joel cope with quinn rejection.
you will have to read to find out.
panty whisperer the complete series i love women.
i am not ashamed to admit that making a beautiful woman come is my main goal in life one that i accomplish night after night.
women are as drawn to me as i am to them.
i do not get turned down.
it is not a brag, just a fact.
at least it was a fact.
until i met quinn the one woman who did not fall for my easy charm.
now, i have to have her.
she may not want to get close, may not want to admit that i turn her on and can give her a night that she will never forget, but she was mine the first moment i saw her.
eventually, i will have her beneath me, my hands in her hair, and my name on her lips.
it is what i do.
i am the panty whisperer.
chloe comes for christmas, an erotic holiday novella james lives in the friend zone.
his best friend and fraternity brother mark, the all american cornerback, has always found a way to get the girl going back to their teens.
when james meets chloe first and falls for her, mark swoops in once again.
this time is different though.
james has his sights on teaching them both a lesson for making him look the fool.
bad boy revelation the alpha bad boy series, book daddy told me not to even look at the man in the corner.
he troubled he said.
i wanted to do more than look at him.
i grew up in the church.
i was raised better.
and i was broken.
oh, was i ever broken.
i had a sexual appetite that could not be filled.
a thirst in me that only sin could quench.
i needed him, the man in the corner, to claim me, dominate me, own me.
id do whatever it took.
goad him if necessary.
i needed that man like i needed air or water.
i needed the bad boy.
bad boy prospect the alpha bad boy series, book fighting, fing, and winning.
it is what i do and nobody will stand in my way.
it is how i live my life on the field and in the bedroom.
i make hitters fear me.
if they are scared, it gives me an advantage, and i capitalize on it.
people say i have an attitude problem, that i am a bad boy.
it is exactly what i want them to think.
until i meet elizabeth, the psychiatrist coach makes me see.
she specializes in pro athletes.
there something about her.
maybe she will be the one who finally cuts through my layers and sees the real me.
who knows.
bad boy brawler the alpha bad boy series, book devyn odare is the ultra mma world heavyweight champion.
he destroys opponents.
he does not like to be in the public eye.
one day he makes a bad decision that will alter his life forever.
in the hospital he meets carly, single mom, nurse, struggling day to day.
devyn feels he can right some wrongs from his troubled past.
he can change carly life and end her struggles, prevent her son from the same type of childhood he experienced.
but carly must decide if she wants to trust devyn and put her pride aside, or soldier through life alone with her son.
bad boy con man the alpha bad boy series, book grayson is a con man.
if he sees an opportunity, he capitalizes.
when the score that can set him up for life comes along it is too much for him to resist.
then he meets amelia.
intelligent, funny, gorgeous, and a lover of comic books.
she everything he ever wanted.
but, at the end of the day he has to make a choice hurt the woman he crazy about, or take the money and leave his old life behind.
payne capital the payne capital series, book devyn white and his fiancee meredith the perfect all american couple have just moved to new york city following his acceptance of his dream job working at payne capital, a private equity firm ran by rebekah payne, a billionaire math and finance prodigy.
devyn soon realizes his dream is not all that he imagined as he is thrust into ethical dilemmas involving an ex husband, an out of control boss, the operations of the firm, and his own personal relationship with meredith.
when the heat is turned up he must soon make difficult choices that will affect the rest of his life and possibly hurt the people he loves in the process.
bonus material hello.
sloane howell here with a quick explanation.
each time i release a book that i write, or that i co write with celia aaron, i upload copies early to pirate sites on the interwebz.
i know you are already thinking, what a dipshit.
well, i change the endings around to make them humorous, and to let the pirates know that they have been trolled.
evil grin this book was no different.
we cut it off around chapter seven and i rewrote a sex scene.
celia added a few things and we even took selfies to say thanks to the pirates for downloading our book illegally.
we added all of the u.s.
copyright and anti piracy laws to it more than once to make the file size look legit on the pirate copy, in case any of them have a brain.
i have omitted that here, since you are all upstanding, law abiding citizens.
a few fans suggested adding it to the end of the book as a bonus, and we thought that was a damn good idea.
so here is the alternate ending.
we hope you enjoy.
his hips jerked, but he maintained control.
beg me.
please, please, please braden.
i tried to scoot down to get him inside me, but he moved his hips back.
tell me exactly what you want.
he pinned me with his dark eyes.
beg.
my pussy was on fire.
i had to give in.
it was the only way to get what i needed.
you.
i want you.
i want you to fuck me hard.
your cock deep inside me.
i want your come.
i want you to come inside me.
jesus, nik.
his voice was gravelly, dripping with sex.
please, i whispered.
he bit down on my shoulder and growled, i am gonna spank my spunk into your ears.
holy fuck, he knew me so well.
i had not taken an earshot in ages and i was overdue.
god, i want your semen in my ear.
then i am gonna come on your night stand, your walls, just spin around like a tazmanian jizznado.
the fucking spunk sprinkler.
ch ch ch ch d d d d d ch ch ch ch d d d d d d.
paint your goddamn walls in my nadpoles.
i am so wet just thinking about it, baby.
give you cocklear implants.
better have your otolaryngologist on speed dial.
cuz here i come.
ahoy, twats.
celia and sloane loooooooooove youuuuuuuuuu.
now go buy the book, matey.
it is a frikkin buck.
braden fuck off in every language bulgarian.
kon da ti go natrese means get fucked by a horse used as fuck off cantonese.
puk gai literally means pave the road with your shit worthless body dutch.
klootzak means testicles used as asshole czech.
mrdat, prcat used as fuck off but slightly more offensive filipino.
hindot ka used as fuck you french.
ferme ta gueule used as shut the fuck up.
trou de cul means asshole.
putain de merde used as holy shit what the fuck.
putain means whore used as dammit annoyed exclamation german.
hau ab used as fuck off.
mutterficker means motherfucker.
scheisse means shit.
fick dich means fuck you greek.
ade gamisou used as go fuck yourself.
as to thialo used as go to hell hebrew.
khapes mi yenaanea otkha means find someone to shake you used as fuck off hindi.
uloo ka pathe means son of an owl used as son of a bitch.
kutte ka aulad used as son of a bitch.
matharchod used as motherfucker.
rundi means hooker hungarian.
a macska rugjion meg means may the cat kick you used as fuck you.
lofasz a seggedbe means a horse dick in your ass used as fuck you italian.
cazzo used as dick.
no me interesso un cazzo used as i do not give a damn.
vaffanculo used as fuck you.
vafonapoli means probably not a real word.
cc joey tribiani and the cast of friends used as fuck off japanese.
urusai gakai used as shut up kashmiri.
thraat paaye means may lightning strike you used as fuck off.
kohn chuuke means are you blind.
used as you are kind of a bitch latin.
irrumator means bastard.
filius canis means son of a dog used as son of a bitch.
bovis stercus means bullshit.
stercus accidit means shit happens.
potes meos suaviari clunes means kiss my ass mandarin.
tsao ni zhu zhong shi ba dai means fuck all your family for generations past portuguese.
vai te fuder means go fuck yourself spanish.
mierda means shit.
pendejo means pubic hair used as fuckshit.
puta means whore yiddish.
putz means the opposite of mensch.
yiddish is a pretty peaceful language used as dickhead these are words we use to describe you vagina vagine lady bits pussy poon poon tang punani vajayjay cooter cho cha cooch muff sugar notch yahoo hoo haw honey pot beaver thatched cottage pink panther snatch cherry cunt hot pocket vertical smile pink taco petticoat lane wizard sleeve cupcake cookie woo woo lady low toupee love tunnel sin flower peach bear trap minge foof the sarlacc pit hairy potter hairy manilow pink portal mount majesty coochie pop eve tunnel harpy nest lady jane flap dragon butter boat flaming lips puff pillow egg crate pecan pattie frothy creek velvet glove silk igloo sticky bun pearl hotel magic crepe mother of all souls velvet goldmine the batcave pink mink lawrence of a labia the promised land the notorious v.a.g.
field of dreams pink truffle furburger ariel underwater treasure grotto her vadgesty thanks popkitttayyyy celia aaron sloane howell celia aaron sloane howell copyright celia aaron sloane howell all rights reserved.
this copy is intended for the original purchaser of this e book only.
no part of this e book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without prior written permission from celia aaron.
please do not participate in piracy of books or other creative works.
this e book is a work of fiction.
while reference may be made to actual historical events or existing locations, the names, characters, places and incidents are products of the author imagination, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
warning this e book contains sexually explicit scenes and adult language and may be considered offensive to some readers.
please store your files wisely, away from under aged readers.
how can you not be romantic about baseball.
billy beane kyrie the crack of the bat echoed around the half full stadium.
nikki hissed.
i looked up from my kindle and caught a glimpse of the runner speeding toward first base as every head on the field craned up to watch the ball flight.
it soared into the stands beyond the left field wall, and the runner slowed his pace, taking each base with unabashed swagger.
i returned to my book.
that guy has been talking shit about the ravens for the entire off season and now he gets a homerun.
nikki took an angry bite of her hotdog, getting mustard and ketchup in her blonde locks.
this was on top of the beer shed already spilled on my jeans.
the scent of fresh dirt, green grass, and popcorn mixed with the hops to create a smell that could be bottled and sold under the label eau de ballpark.
nik.
i shook my head and clicked my e reader off.
here.
i grabbed a napkin and wiped the condiments from her hair.
you eat a hotdog like a third grader.
that is not what braden said last night.
i stared at her.
you just turned a grade school insult dirty.
she grinned and wrinkled her nose at me.
you loved it.
i returned her grin.
i did.
that is why we are besties.
she turned back to the field.
i followed her stare as the runner rounded second base.
he slowed even more as the spectators quieted.
easing down the white chalk line in the dirt, he rounded third base wide, his feet skirting the flawless emerald grass.
he raised his arms in the air, egging on the crowd as he showboated his way around the field.
boos erupted from the stands.
braden, the catcher, tossed his helmet and stepped forward, blocking home plate.
the runner finally sped his pace, dashing toward the catcher.
oh shit, braden about to get in trouble.
nikki squealed with excitement.
my eyes widened as the runner charged right into her boyfriend, who turned at the last second and threw a shoulder into the runner chest.
both men tumbled to the ground.
get him, baby.
nikki dragged me to my feet.
they fell into a tangle, kicking legs and swinging arms as the crowd roared.
the pitcher sprinted from the mound and grabbed braden, pulling him up and away from the angry runner.
braden was still swinging and cursing as the larger man wrapped his arm around his chest and wrenched him backward.
the runner got to his feet and saw an opening.
shoving the shouting umpire aside, he swung at braden, connecting with the side of his head.
nikki screamed and i leaned forward, lacing my fingers through the net behind home plate.
the pitcher tall, broad, and extremely pissed off shoved braden aside and landed a haymaker on the runner jaw that sent him flying back into the dirt.
his arms were still straight out when he fell.
he was out cold.
the crowd cheered and nikki grabbed my arm, forcing me to jump up and down with her as she crowed.
way to go, easton.
nikki screamed.
the pitcher glanced up, took a look at nikki, then moved his stare to me.
my breath hitched.
even though he was too far away for me to see the color of his eyes or pinpoint the exact shade of his hair, i knew he was attractive.
he did not look away, just kept his eyes on me, ignoring the yelling umpire and the bloodied braden.
surrounded by thousands and with nikki screaming like a banshee at my side, it was only he and i for a brief, stolen moment.
goose bumps rose along my arms, and i dropped my eyes, breaking our connection.
the pitcher flexed his hand as the players cleared the benches.
they streamed out onto the field in an angry river, spitting obscenities and sunflower seeds.
another small scuffle erupted as several players got into a shoving match.
the umpires tried to break it up.
the opposing coaches trotted out and argued with each other and the home plate umpire.
after several tense moments full of aggression on both sides, the umpires separated the teams.
the runner was ejected from the game and it looked like easton was about to get the boot, too.
after some particularly heated words between both coaches and the home plate umpire, he was allowed to stay.
the home crowd cheered as braden and easton bumped gloves.
once the players and the coaches scattered, the crowd settled and the game began again.
i tried to keep my eyes on my kindle, even as the ravens scored and the pitcher, easton, gave up no more hits.
but i kept making furtive glances to the pitcher mound and stared for a little too long at the enormous screen along the side of the stadium when it showed a close up of him.
even more handsome than i thought, he had deep blue eyes and light brown hair.
he never smiled, just stalked from the dugout and did his job.
the tension rose in the crowd every time he threw a pitch.
throughout the top of the ninth, nikki was digging her gel nails into my arm and shaking the hell out of me after the first two batters struck out.
i gave up reading, especially since id been going over the same sentence since the bottom of the eighth.
easton drew my gaze, his form calm and collected as he nodded at braden.
he exploded in a burst of speed and movement, his arm whipping around, the ball hurtling toward me.
what was it about a primal display of strength and skill that sent a rush of heat up my neck and between my thighs.
the umpire shot his right hand out, one finger extended as the crowd roared.
two more strikes and the game would be over.
they got this.
nikki wrapped her arm around my waist as we stood, the crowd taunting the batter with some creative yells.
nikki stuck to batter, batter, batter.
batter, you motherfucking dickface.
classic, timeless, inappropriate her in a nutshell.
easton stared down the hitter.
something in me wished i was the one he was looking at instead of the guy in the batter box.
hot, is not he.
nikki bumped my curvy hip with her petite one.
you know i do not date players.
i tried to sit down but she tightened her grip.
i know, but i am going to change your mind on that.
she smiled.
braden has certainly broadened my horizons.
really stretched them, you know.
i rolled my eyes and returned my focus to the mound.
you are the worst.
nikki had been seeing braden for all of two weeks.
theyd met at a bar frequented by the baseball team.
an unrepentant cleat chaser, nikki could smell a player from a mile away and have her mouth on his dick in under sixty seconds.
braden was her latest, possibly her greatest, conquest.
since it had lasted two weeks a record id finally agreed to go to a baseball game with her to see him play.
even though i hated players.
and now nikki was not the only one drooling over a guy in baseball pants.
easton was magnetic, his intensity making it impossible for me to look anywhere else.
he gave a nod and gripped the ball in his glove, eyeing braden.
he took a step back, turned on the mound, and exploded toward the plate, his throwing arm nothing but a blur.
i found myself jumping up and down with nikki as the ball made a satisfying slap on braden glove and the umpire shot his right hand out again, two fingers extended.
the crowd was amped up, still buzzing from last week opening day excitement.
that is it, kyrie.
nikki giggled and finally released me.
we both leaned forward, our hands on the net, as we watched the next pitch.
easton rolled his shoulders and brought his glove up, his eyes boring into braden until he nodded.
last pitch.
i breathed in and whispered something like a prayer.
i had not been invested in a game in years.
but now, watching easton play, i wanted a strike.
i wanted a win.
i wanted a lot of things id sworn off of a long time ago.
his powerful wind up had me holding my breath.
the ball shot forward, noticeably curving and thwacking into braden glove.
the umpire gave the signal his fist to the side.
strike out.
the stadium erupted in raucous cheers, and someone threw popcorn on nikki and me as we hugged.
the players trotted to the middle of the field as braden and easton bumped gloves.
after yells and high fives, the crowd began to scatter from their rows and out into the falling night.
i draped my cross body bag over my shoulder and grabbed nikki elbow.
come on.
what.
she raised her eyebrows and gestured to the mass of testosterone in the middle of the field.
i could not help but notice easton was there, still on the mound, his head turned in my direction.
we have work tomorrow.
i crossed my arms over my chest.
final proof before printing.
you know we have to be on our toes.
teen sparkle could do with a few typos.
remember that time when we were interns and we hid dildo, lube, and anal in the crossword at the back.
how could i forget.
we would have been fired if you had not been fucking the managing editor.
you can thank me anytime.
she turned back to the field and squealed.
oh my god.
he coming over and easton with him.
i looked up and could not make out braden in the mass of bodies in socks and stripes, but the one that was a head above most of them certainly caught my eye.
easton, and he was walking sure and straight right toward us.
panic rose inside me.
i have to go.
i took a step up the stadium stairs.
tell braden i said congratulations.
but, i need a ride, she protested.
you have one on all fronts.
i took another step, too afraid to turn around and see him behind me.
true.
she called.
carpool tomorrow.
yeah.
i will be at your place at sharp.
be ready.
i picked up my pace, practically running up the stadium toward the concourse.
once in the shadow of the stadium, i stopped and looked back down toward the field.
a few fans walked past, blocking my view, but when they cleared, i saw him.
he stood staring right at me, as if he could see me.
my heart constricted and i could not tell if i wanted to rush back down to meet him or turn and run.
a few years earlier, i knew which emotion would have won out.
not anymore.
i gave him one more look, locking his handsome face in my memory, before turning my back and melting into the crowd.
easton braden and i fought our way through a sea of reporters and cameras to get to our lockers.
the media were relentless vultures, not caring about the fact we just won.
every question was about the fight.
id hoped the dingy locker room smell would ward them off, but it seemed to have no effect.
look guys, can you give us a few minutes.
i untucked my jersey and noticed a few drops of blood soaked into the fabric along the shoulder.
must be braden.
i shrugged.
a reporter elbowed through the pack.
do you regret throwing a punch, easton.
i regret using my pitching hand.
give us a minute, okay.
braden stared at me.
since when do you shy away from reporters.
come on guys, back it up.
i tried to wave them away, but they hovered like flies on shit.
i will talk to you in a minute.
coach came barreling through the clubhouse, fists clenched, a fireball as usual.
the reporters scattered toward him, giving us a brief reprieve.
i turned to braden still clad in his catcher gear.
his uniform was caked in dirt from the scuffle.
who was the girl with nik.
who.
nik friend.
she was reading a fucking book the whole game.
i tossed my bag and glove into my locker.
since when do you pay attention to the crowd, mayweather.
a wide grin spread across his face, despite his split lip and blood crusting at the corner of his mouth.
i was not.
i glanced to his bloodied lip.
fuck man, you should put some ice on that.
it is merely a flesh wound.
his horrible attempt at a british accent made me chuckle.
seriously, who was she.
she disappeared after.
i caught a glimpse of her on the concourse for a sec, but she vanished before i got a good look.
closing my eyes briefly, i could see her dark hair, round ass, long legs.
i snapped out of my momentary daydream, still trying to picture her face.
braden lips curled to a shit eating grin under his mussed mop of brown hair, some of it plastered to his forehead from his catcher helmet.
there was a girl.
what girl.
i narrowed my eyes at him.
braden no, no wait a minute.
i thinkyeah i think i remember a girl.
her name is umm he cocked his head sideways.
i am trying to think here.
i threw my hat into my locker.
i am gonna split the other half of your goddamn lip if you keep fucking around.
oh, yeah, kyrie.
he laughed.
now, i remember.
his light blue eyes turned serious when he noticed me glaring at him.
he pulled off his cleats.
the spikes clanked against his locker when he tossed them in.
man, they work together.
so what is up with you and nik.
she just another conquest.
fuck of the week.
i grabbed my towel.
nah, well, i do not know.
the verdict is still out on her.
she a wild one though.
fucks like a champ.
i shook my head.
poor girl.
pfft.
she knew what she was getting into.
she kinda ditzy, but in a hot way.
i do not know.
why the fuck do you care anyway.
i do not.
spit it out, motherfucker.
do not know what you are talking about.
you want me to arrange a play date with your little pitching muse.
he gave the corner of the lockers a hip thrust in unison with play.
could you.
fuck me.
the words escaped my lips before i could get them back.
i was sure to catch shit for it.
braden smiled his ass off while he peeled his chest protector from his short, stocky frame.
i mean, i could make it happen.
but what is in it for me.
oh, besides me saving you from an ass raping on the field.
i shook my head with a look of haughty derision and smirked before taking a seat in the chair in front of my locker.
by the way, you are welcome for making you look like less of a bitch.
maybe if you did not ignore my signals and serve up shit that gets knocked out of the stadium i would not have been sucker punched by that little fuck boy.
he moved his hand up over his eyes like he was searching for something way out in the distance.
goddamn ball just passed mars.
you probably told him what i was throwing.
fucking prick.
i started mocking him in a falsetto.
easton, why are you shaking off my fastball.
easton your ass looks so good in your pants, the ump is gonna smell how wet my pussy is back here.
you are a major league cunt, you know that.
he shook his head at me, now laughing where everyone in earshot could hear.
the elastic of his shin guards shot around his calves as he unhooked them one at a time.
yeah, i will text nik and see if they wanna meet for drinks.
but i am warning you, that chick seems kinda stuck up.
so she intelligent and does not take your shit.
i kicked off one cleat and then the other.
yeah, pretty much.
he nodded and paused.
she does smart people shit at their work.
editor maybe.
at the magazine.
but i guess she not happy.
the fuck kind of magazine is it.
id struggled with my lit classes in high school, so it sounded like i would have to step up my game to keep up with the likes of her.
some teeny bopper mag.
shit you see when you check out at the supermarket.
pictures of bieber and that hot little latina girl all over it.
who.
you know, the teen heartthrob people.
probably pictures of you on there, too.
he framed his hands and held them up to my face.
yeah, we give you one of those little head set thingies and a v neck tee and you could be in a boy band for sure.
dick.
i stared at him, not sure how else to respond to his ridiculousness.
tell me more about kyrie.
she definitely hot.
caught a glimpse of her on the net before i cleaned up your little bitch fight.
you do not clean up my messes for me, motherfucker.
someone has to not be a pussy around here.
anyway, she looked pretty turned on after i laid that fucker out.
she definitely hot as balls.
that she is.
she is not ugly by any means.
these are facts.
we fist bumped.
you gonna make it happen or what.
i did not want to sound like an over eager teenager, but the thought of her forced my hand.
i needed to meet her, talk to her, and, if all went well, do quite a few more things to her.
you know i will, bro.
he glanced to the reporters then back to me.
thanks for having my back, man.
always.
i stared at the eager faces, each of them looking for a sound bite.
better give these assholes something to write about so they go the fuck away.
give em the tip.
just the tip ya teasing sumbitch you.
his words were quickly drowned out as i stripped my shirt and walked to the reporters in nothing but my pants.
i learned quickly that if i distracted them, the questions were fewer and easier.
my upper body had worked numerous times in the past.
one at a time, guys.
i pointed to one of them.
easton, why throw the punch.
protecting my catcher.
next.
easton.
easton.
i nodded to the reporter intent on saying my name as fast as possible.
your contract is up this season.
do you think it was wise to engage in such risky on field behavior.
fuck me, i had not thought about that.
i was surprised my agent had not yet called to rip me a new asshole.
compose yourself.
it is the way i play.
i do not make financial decisions on the field.
i make baseball decisions.
if you try to hurt one of my teammates, i will correct your behavior.
that is what i did.
next.
easton.
how the hand.
are you hurt.
someone yelled from the back of the pack.
look, i told you all i am going to about the fight.
we won the ballgame.
w are all that matter.
so like i said, i am not answering anything else about the fight.
another reporter asked about the altercation and i started back toward braden.
i am done guys.
flashes of light bounced off the shiny lockers wrapped around the three walls in my peripheral vision.
they were snapping pictures of me walking away.
fuck it.
fighting happens.
i was not going to apologize for it.
braden thumbs flew across his cell phone screen.
without looking up, he said, got a text from nik.
we are meeting for dinner and drinks tomorrow night.
you in.
sure.
kyrie coming.
the tone in his voice was like a seventh grade boy teasing a buddy with a crush.
oh yeah.
i tried not to sound impressed, but a shock of adrenaline surged through my body.
it was inexplicable.
why was i so excited over this girl.
nik being weird though.
she did not tell her friend you were coming.
so i guess it is some kind of surprise or something.
fuck, i do not know.
women.
he shrugged.
i did not care.
id take it.
i wanted to see her up close.
that is fine.
what time.
eight.
should work.
great, i will pick up some gnarly sex toys on the way.
he tried to look serious.
jesus christ.
i started toward the shower, shaking my head at him.
what.
we can not even joke now.
i thought we were in the nest.
in the safe place.
are we not.
i flipped him the bird over my shoulder, but snickered a little.
if you can not joke about giant french ticklers and gas powered dildos in a fucking locker room then the terrorists win, e.
our freedoms are eroding.
i will pick up lube and condoms instead.
bring your hand.
it is the only action you are getting.
i spun around and looked down at him.
yeah, we will see about that, short stack.
he ignored my insult and made a jerk off motion with his hand.
maybe your hand will still be numb from that love tap earlier.
you can pretend it is a stranger pulling on you when you wick your fuckin weed later.
swollen knuckles ought to make it nice and tight.
i looked past him.
three female reporters stood behind him, mouths agape.
my body went stiff, my face serious.
braden waved his hand in front of my face.
i stared, not sure what to do or say.
sometimes we got carried away.
braden put his hands on his hips.
there are women behind me, are not there.
i slowly nodded.
they do not appear amused at our tomfoolery, do they.
i shook my head.
maybe, umm.
if i do not turn around and see them, it is just like it never happened.
he shrugged.
i shook my head slowly again.
he dropped his gaze to the floor.
well.
fuck.
kyrie tessa renard stood at the head of the conference table, surveying her team of editors and designers with narrowed eyes.
this issue of teen sparkle has to be the biggest yet.
more pop.
more allure.
more vivality.
she rapped her wizened knuckles on the glass table.
is vivality a word.
nikki whispered.
i pinched her leg and shook my head a tiny bit.
ms.
kent.
how is the story on justin coming along.
i snapped my gaze up to tessa, her angry red bob and bright purple glasses almost too much for my eyes to take in the morning sun.
wonderful, actually.
i got back from l.a.
last weekend where we did the shoot at his new home, including photos with his pet jaguar.
and the article.
she tilted her head to the side.
for some reason, whenever she did that, i pictured her as a praying mantis that was about to snap my head clean off.
almost finished.
full of new information on his music, his exes, and his current high exposure girlfriend.
yes, yes, ms.
kent.
tessa took off her glasses and waved them around in a dramatic fashion, the puffy sleeves of her dress wobbling along with her movements.
but does it sparkle.
nikki shook next to me, her silent laughter dangerously contagious.
yes, tessa.
it definitely has just the right sparkle.
i smiled and kicked the shit out of nikki.
perfect.
moving on.
let is discuss the cover.
new wave lumberjack with a splash of butcher aprons and spring floral.
tessa continued checking off the list for our next issue as i did my best not to laugh.
teen sparkle was supposed to be a stepping stone to my dream publication style and substance.
problem was, openings were few and far between at the latter, so id been biding my time for two years, hoping for an editor spot to open up.
if i could only get my foot in the door, i was certain i could work my way to the top.
the meeting continued as various editors gave reports on how the next issue was shaping up.
even nikki got a chance to say something.
yes, tessa.
the crossword is all taken care of.
nikki smiled next to me and adjusted the bright blue scarf around her neck.
well, i think that covers everything.
go, get to work.
tessa clapped her hands twice in dramatic fashion, and we all filed out of the bright conference room and into our dull cubicles or windowless offices.
nikki perched on the edge of my desk as i clicked through the few emails that had come through during the meeting.
any news from style and substance.
she whispered.
close the door.
technically, as one of the editors, i was nikki superior at work, but we never adhered to any sort of actual structure.
our friendship came first.
she eased the door closed and reclaimed her perch, her blonde hair falling into her face as she leaned over.
so, dish.
nothing set in stone, but i heard an executive editor is leaving.
shut the front door.
she squealed quietly and gripped my shoulder.
shh.
i could not help but smile at her antics.
there no guarantee i will get the spot, even if it opens up.
you are a shoe in.
she opened her eyes wider.
take me with you.
you are an idiot.
so, no.
she smacked my arm.
okay, fine.
i smiled.
maybe.
better.
she leaned back and grinned.
so, i have a spur of the moment idea.
i crossed my arms over my prim black cardigan.
oh, yeah.
let is hear it.
let is go for dinner tonight and celebrate your maybe, possibly, could be new job.
she nodded as she talked, as if that would somehow make me agree.
i think that might jinx it and there nothing set in ston wait.
before you say no, there a bonus.
she twirled a lock of hair around her index finger.
i knew the move.
shed been doing it since we were in college her oldest and most obvious tell.
what.
i leaned back, wary of the bonus.
you will get to meet braden.
he coming, too.
i arched a brow.
i thought you said this was spur of the moment.
she made a pfft noise and rolled her eyes.
now you are splitting hairs.
just say you will come, okay.
is there anything else.
you do not trust me.
she pouted.
last time you took me on a surprise evening, i wound up with a ten inch anaconda in my face courtesy of strictly dickly dance troupe.
remember that.
she giggled.
that was a great night.
for me, anyway.
and you loved it, you little slut.
do not lie.
anyway, that is in the past.
i am talking the future.
come out tonight.
i do not know please.
i really want you to meet him.
she dropped her gaze to the floor.
especially since my parents are not around anymore.
i need to get input on guys and everything.
are you really going to play that card.
i laughed.
your parents moved to florida.
they are not exactly dead.
she glanced up, a sneaky smile on her face.
i know, but my point still stands.
i threw up my hands.
fine.
fine.
i will do anything to get you out of my office at this point.
yay.
she hugged me.
the awkward angle squished my face into her breasts.
at least they were of a manageable size, unlike my own.
off.
get off.
i mumbled.
she released me and went to my door.
this is going to be great.
you will love it.
i promise.
sure, whatever.
go get me some coffee or something, assistant.
bitch.
she scowled, blew me a kiss, and pranced off to her desk.
no.
nikki shook her head and pointed toward my bedroom.
go.
go now.
i will not be seen in public with you dressed like that.
i looked down and surveyed my outfit jeans, t shirt, cardigan, and sneakers.
what is wrong with it.
i told you we are going to a nice dinner with my new boyfriend, did i not.
her tone rose and i winced as i looked up at her.
yes, but i did not expect to stay the whole time or anything.
she ignored me, continuing, i said i was dressing up and that you were supposed to dress up.
remember that.
remember when you dropped me off at my apartment and i said dress up.
you said you would.
you did not.
now i look hot and you look dowdy.
she frowned.
i studied her outfit slinky black dress, patent pumps with a red sole, and her blonde locks pulled half up and curled so they flowed down her back.
she has a point.
turn around.
see, this is why i came over early.
i knew you would pull some shit like this.
go on back to your room.
you have great style and a closet full of fabulous clothes.
the ragamuffin look does not suit you.
she gripped my shoulders and turned me around, shoving me through the hallway of my apartment.
i will find something for you to wear and for christ is sake, put on some more makeup.
you look sick or something.
i do not.
my protest fell on deaf ears as she hurried past me to my closet.
crap.
she pushed my hangers aside one by one.
crap, nice but no, maybe, no, too long, no, maybe, too professional, crap, too casual, ugly, maybe, no.
she paused her tirade as i sank onto the bed and started untying my shoes.
when the last time you shaved.
she asked, her voice muffled by my closet.
my legs.
i tossed my shoes and stood to strip off my jeans.
no, your pussy.
she turned and put her hands on her hips, glaring at me.
of course your legs, you idiot.
this morning.
id worn a skirt outfit to work earlier in the day and a shave had been long overdue.
though, it was not as if anyone would be enjoying the smoothness other than me.
perfect.
this is it then.
she traipsed from my closet with a deep crimson dress plunging neckline and short hem included.
i had not worn it in years.
no way.
i shook my head.
i probably do not even fit into that anymore.
she stared at my chest.
if i had your figure, id wear this dress every damn day and to bed every night.
get up, you are putting it on.
i laughed.
i was curvy with ass, tits, and a decent waist, but i was nowhere near the perfect, slim figure of nikki.
she would have been a model if it were not for her height.
at , she did not make the cut, though she was a knockout by any standard.
i was the taller, fuller, dark haired half of the duo.
i am serious.
she shook the dress and then tossed it at me before cupping her breasts.
i am still thinking about implants, you know.
i sighed.
yes, i know.
do what makes you happy, as i always say.
she smiled, her eyes brightening.
i will later tonight.
his name braden.
i am glad you will finally meet him.
whore.
i grinned and slid off my top and my bra.
the dress was too strappy and slinky for undergarments.
that is my girl.
she waggled her eyebrows at me.
slipping the fabric over my head, i shimmied it down until it was in place.
it still fit barely.
the neckline was even lower than i remembered, cutting across my breasts and revealing the curves of my cleavage.
the hem was mid thigh, but i knew better than to bend over in this number.
that looks fucking hot.
nikki clapped and grabbed my hand before dragging me to the bathroom.
fifteen minutes of makeup later, and i looked like the perfect tart.
i wanted to wipe off half the eye makeup and the red lips, but nikki beamed with pride at her creation so i let it slide.
she added a few curls to my dark hair with an iron and then declared me perfect.
i even let her pick out my shoes black hooker heels, naturally.
she was ecstatic, as if she were playing with a doll.
i shook my head at her in my full length mirror as i realized i was getting soft at the ripe old age of twenty four.
she stood next to me and surveyed her handiwork.
her in black, me in red, and both of us picture perfect.
you are smoking.
not gonna lie.
i might even go gay for you tonight, and you know how much i am not into pussy.
it is just that good.
she smiled at my mirror image, her light brown eyes misting a bit.
i have not seen you this dressed up since she let her words fade and wrapped her arm around my waist.
it is okay.
we had a standing rule of never speaking of him.
she lay her head on my shoulder.
i did not think.
i leaned on her.
it is been two years.
it does not hurt as much, anymore.
was that true.
i did not think about him every day like i used to.
now he flitted around at the corners of my thoughts, only coming out in moments like these to steal what little happiness i should have felt.
why had i let him take so much from me.
maybe it is time for second chances.
she lifted her head, an entreaty in her words.
no.
maybe.
i did not want to have this discussion, not now.
i wanted to go out and try to have some fun, nothing more.
she smacked my ass, jolting me from my darkening thoughts.
let is go out on the town.
braden paying, so be a fucking lush if you want.
drinks on him.
easton the familiar slapping sound resonated like a shotgun blast through the empty outfield bleachers as the ball landed in my glove.
i tossed it to the bat boy hiding out behind the protective net in the outfield.
shagging flies during batting practice was the life of a pitcher.
i tried to concentrate, maintain my focus on the different elements of the game, but kyrie holding the net was all that ran through my mind.
crack.
i stared off at the empty bleachers and up to the concourse where kyrie had disappeared.
easton, look out.
fuck.
braden words took a moment to sink in.
a ball whistled past my ears, barely missing me.
instinctively, i dove out of the way after the ball had already thudded against the padding on the outfield wall.
jesus.
i shook my head, imagining how that ball would have tasted had it been a few inches to the left.
snap out of it motherfucker.
braden trotted over and picked up the ball from the warning track.
you almost got a little less pretty.
what the fuck you doing out here.
the metal straps on braden gear clanked as he tossed the ball toward the infield in one smooth motion.
pussy on the brain.
no.
i answered too quickly.
braden grinned and shook his head.
that girl is in your head something awful.
i needed to change the subject.
there a reason you are here.
you are out of your element.
nice, the dude.
coach wanted me to talk to you.
about.
i held my glove to my brow to block the sun.
front office is looking at bringing in a new arm.
okay.
id be a free agent at the end of this year.
this was not good news, but i had to play it off.
do not think the pitching is deep enough.
sean richards is at the top of their list.
i did not know much about him other than he used to be with the club and they traded him.
it was common practice these days to skip around teams.
we were nothing but dollar signs, sold and traded like livestock.
should be fine.
he got good stuff.
that is the same thing i told them.
no biggie.
coach is just trying to give everyone a heads up.
same shit as always.
make him feel welcome, yadda yadda.
well, he ai not a rookie so i will be less of a dick.
hah.
yeah, i am sure we will still prank the fuck out of him.
well, of course.
i would hate to deny him of our long honored tradition.
would seem inhumane.
braden.
the voice came from beyond the outfield wall.
braden flipped his head in that direction.
yeah.
stop fondling your goddamn lover and get to work.
jesus christ.
there was a crack of the bat and i watched the ball soar over the left field wall and rattle in the empty bleachers.
but coach, he says he almost there, braden called back.
boy, quit fuckin around before i run your goddamn dick in the dirt.
i do not know, coach.
he bigger than you.
the players chuckled, including coach.
this was their thing.
it always kept practice entertaining at the expense of my humility.
i do not care how tall that big motherfucker is.
i am the boss around here.
the stadium acted like a microphone, amplifying their voices for everyone to hear.
i better get back before he has a stroke.
braden made a jerk off motion with his hand that had me chortling before he started jogging back to the bullpen.
i was not talking about his weight, coach.
i got a handful of cock over here.
he turned back and grinned at me.
the whole field erupted, practice coming to a momentary halt as laughter rang out around the stadium.
hey, we still on for drinks tonight.
my stomach tensed, even though i knew the answer.
this fucker was right about her being in my head.
i had not felt this way about a first date in well, ever.
yeah bro, be there at eight.
you ladies make plans for your porn shoot on someone else time.
coach continued admonishing us as practice started up again.
i needed to get home before kyrie face got me killed in the outfield.
i pushed open the door to my high rise that overlooked downtown when a flash of yellow sent me tumbling to the floor.
motherfucker.
i grabbed at my dick and tried not to puke on the cherry hardwood floors.
the pain radiated from stomach to sack and back again.
i told your ass.
you know the rules.
fighting on tv, putting my soy milk in your beefy ass protein shakes, or leaving a dirty dish in the sink is punishable by whiffle ball bat to the cock, son.
i looked up to meet my younger sister gaze while she wielded the yellow whiffle ball bat in a hitter stance.
she was my roommate and best friend in the world.
he fucking started it, man.
what the fuck.
she cocked her head to the side.
i hit you because of that dish in the sink.
did you fight too.
she reared back to hit me again.
i held a hand up.
at least give me a clean death.
a soldier death.
she paused mid swing and started laughing.
fine, pussy.
turn around.
i scooted around on my knees, looking fucking ridiculous doing so.
i looked back at her with my fingers interlocked behind my head.
she kept doing these little warm up swings and stopping the bat right next to my shoulders.
you gonna hit me anytime soon.
she nodded and took the bat all the way back behind her ear before belting out a roar and swinging hard and fast.
i braced myself a little for the sting.
she was a mean bitch and could swing hard.
kasey stopped the fucking bat right behind me again.
i faced forward and heat seeped into my cheeks at her ridiculous antics.
will you hurry the fuck up.
shit.
my knees are starting to hurt.
i turned my head back to curse her some more when i saw another flash of yellow and this time felt the bat slap into the side of my face.
ahh suck ass dick.
what is wrong with you.
i have a date tonight, you prick.
that is gonna leave a mark.
i pressed my palm to my cheek and glared at her.
she flipped the bat like she hit a game winning homerun and it rattled around on the floor, then she grabbed her crotch at me.
think about that next time you leave your dishes in the sink, bitch.
my face and balls were still on fire as i worked up to my feet.
good to see you too, sister.
you really have a date.
kasey flopped on the couch and kicked her feet up on the coffee table.
her head canted to the side as she stared at me.
yeah.
did i ruin your shot at a blowy.
she nodded at my crotch.
i sank down into the couch, the pain finally subsiding a little.
i shrugged.
maybe, fuck man, i do not know.
it is hard to think after a shot to the dick.
she flipped the tv on and turned it to sportscenter.
the fight was all over the screen.
oh, what the fuck, braden.
what a pussy getting sucker punched like that.
she made a jerk off motion with her hand and tossed a load of phantom splooge at the screen.
apparently, it was becoming the gesture of choice amongst friends and family.
well, i did have him in a half nelson at that point.
i could not help but laugh.
does not matter.
i am beating his ass when i see him.
no wonder you had to get involved.
pussy shit.
see.
hitting me in the face was not justified.
the fuck it was not.
she backed up the video and showed me shaking off braden signals.
braden might be softer than a whore wet pussy, but he made the right pitch call before that sumbitch teed off on your curveball.
usually i would have scoffed at some amateur trying to tell me about pitch selections, but kasey knew her shit.
she was a division one all american in softball hence our mutual admiration for braids and a nice set of tits.
still, i could not just roll over at her analysis.
bullshit.
she paused right before the homerun and leaned forward, pointing her finger for emphasis.
look at the hitter feet.
i squinted a bit and looked.
fuck.
i sighed.
yeah, that is right.
admit it.
say me and braden are right, you cocky little bitch.
it is written all over your stupid face, anyway.
the batter front foot was angled forward.
he was waiting for the exact pitch i threw.
i shook my head.
come on now, say it.
say i am right.
quit nibblin ya big gobbler.
my eyebrows raised.
huh.
you know, when a chick is supposed to be sucking dick, but she keeps licking the head.
nibbling around, and not giving you what you want.
tell me what i want to hear, cock maggot.
i rubbed a hand over my jaw.
you really are a man in a chick body.
fine.
you were right.
truth.
now tell me about your date.
how are the titties.
no wait, let me guess.
last girl you dated had medium to small tits, so you should be due for a fat pair of fun bags.
am i right.
tell me.
she leaned forward, her eyes wide.
i shrugged.
i honestly do not know much other than she brunette, kind of tall, and reads her fucking kindle during baseball games.
kasey gasped.
my word, i do declare.
kindle during the game.
we should burn her at the stake.
we will pray over her while she on fire of course.
kasey had a knack for taking a conversation in the worst possible direction.
i glared at her as i stood.
i do not know why i tell you anything.
because you love me.
she rose, walked over, and gave me a hug.
good luck on your date, big brother.
you know i love you.
i know.
love you too, sis.
she leaned in closer to my ear.
i need you out of the house soon.
i have an appointment with a bitch about a scissor banging sesh for an appetizer, and a late main course on the town.
what an appetizing image.
oh, she will be dining for certain.
she held out her hand, waiting for a fist bump.
right.
c amon.
give it up.
i stood there, shaking my head.
i need to shower and get ready.
i walked toward the bathroom.
you can not leave me hanging, you prick.
that shit was gold and you know it.
i shot her the bird as i rounded the corner into the hallway.
it is fine.
i ai not mad.
i will give you all the details later.
licking the clitty and ass, your favorite.
i thought about vomming for a moment as i walked into the bathroom and shut the door.
my sister conquests were legend, but i sure as hell did not want to hear about them.
i shook off any unwanted mental images.
i turned the knob on the shower before walking back to the mirror.
kyrie long legs and dark hair flashed through my mind.
would she be interested in me.
you got this shit, easton.
sometimes my pep talks to my own image helped.
not today.
i unbuckled my belt, unbuttoned my pants, and yanked them down before pulling my shirt over my head.
for some reason, i kept thinking about her reading her kindle in the middle of the game and i noticed my fingers gripping the counter, hard.
hard enough to see the whites of my knuckles.
then i saw her weaving through the crowd, up the stairs, and onto the concourse.
there was something about the way she looked at me when we first made eye contact.
the expression on her face.
fear, excitement, anticipation all rolled up into one look.
my dick jutted against the counter through my boxer briefs, and all the feelings i imagined in her gaze were radiating straight down to my cock.
when i raised my head, the mirror was fogging up, and the water was loud on the glass walls of the shower.
i glanced back down to my growing situation.
maybe releasing a little tension would ease matters.
it is never hurt anything before.
it did not take much to convince myself as i walked over to the shower.
i pulled my briefs down, springing my now rock hard dick from captivity as it wobbled free for a moment.
then i stepped into the shower.
the warm inviting water pelted my neck and shoulders before cascading down my body in smooth streams.
i planted my left hand on the wall under the shower head and took my cock in my right.
closing my eyes, there she was once again.
i could not be long.
kasey had been making fun of how long my showers took since i was a teenager, and there would be a multitude of teasing to come if i did not make quick work.
still, i wanted to draw it out, fuck kyrie in my mind for hours.
i needed a scenario.
i always needed some semblance of a plot in the land of jerk off or it just would not do it for me.
i pictured myself hopping the railing and chasing her up to the concourse, barreling through anyone who got in the way of what i wanted.
i fisted my cock and started sliding my hand back and forth.
the warm water would help with my time restraints.
there was no time for dialogue in this fantasy, so i got to the concourse, but could not see her.
then i caught a glimpse of her brunette hair and hauled ass in her direction.
she turned around right as i came up behind her.
she gasped.
i palmed both of her cheeks and kissed her long and hard, thrusting up against her side.
when our lips parted she started to say something and i picked her up by the waist as she wrapped her long, curvy legs around me.
i eyed a maintenance closet and quickly carried her in that direction, head on a swivel to make sure nobody saw us.
in reality, id have a swarm of fans on me and be wearing a cup, but there was not time to deal with these types of issues when i was trying to make my dick explode.
we burst through the door, and i pinned her up against the wall.
she squealed.
i yanked the kindle from her hand and hurled it against the wall, shattering the screen.
good one, easton.
her eyes grew wide as i watched her, showing her the naughty shit i was about to do to her with merely my gaze.
my hand sped up on my cock under the water.
something about the anticipation before the fuck was almost as good as shoving my dick in something warm and wet.
i stood her up for a moment to yank her jeans half down her ass, before doing the same with my baseball pants.
flipping her around, my chest to her back, i pulled her hips toward me.
i bit down on her shoulder and thrust my cock up inside of her tight pussy.
everything in my fantasy grew brighter and more vivid as i felt her wrapped around me.
at the same time in the shower, i thrust my cock into my hand and groaned.
fuck.
i sped up the pace in my mind, fucking her against the wall to the sounds of her gasps as my hand kept time on my cock in reality.
i did my best to imagine the warm friction of my soaked hand as kyrie pussy clamped around my dick.
my muscles tensed and my balls tightened.
at this point, i snapped out of the daydream and imagined her in the shower with me, tits bouncing around and ass slapping against my thighs as i tried to hold my come back as long as possible.
when i imagined her calling out my name as she came on my dick, i angled my hand down and shot into the tile floor of my shower.
i exhaled a gigantic breath, then panted.
holy shit.
once my mind grew a little less fuzzy, i reached up and grabbed the shower head, maneuvering it around to wash some stray floaters down the drain.
after thoroughly washing my cock, and the rest of me, i stepped from the shower.
the cool air was frigid on my hot skin.
i toweled off my body and walked back to the mirror, shifting the towel to my head and drying my hair.
reaching over with my palm, i cleared enough of the fog from it to see my face.
do not fuck this up.
braden and i sat in a corner table of the restaurant.
is nik always late.
i glanced around at the mahogany woodwork that gave the place so much character.
someone a few tables over was eating a steak and my stomach growled at the smell.
always, bro.
i kept running my hands down my pants.
my palms were damp and my clothes seemed too tight, though i knew they were not.
what the hell takes them so long.
they think they have to spend five hundred dollars and four hours getting ready for us.
it really is a wasted effort.
hundred dollars worth of makeup, five hundred dollars worth of makeup.
he shrugged.
my cock does not recognize the difference.
he wants to park in the v regardless.
i smirked.
sure, sure.
i like your logic, sir.
i pulled a highball glass up to my mouth.
the maker and coke was a perfect combination of bitter and sweet.
i usually drank whiskey straight, but i wanted some caffeine.
braden began to speak when suddenly all sounds, smells, tastes everything faded away but my vision as kyrie walked through the doors with nik.
my cock kicked in my pants and went from hanging to hard at a world record pace.
down, i mumbled toward my lap.
what is up.
braden had not seen them yet.
they are here.
look.
i gestured toward them.
and i just went from six to midnight under this table.
he started to chuckle.
you gotta run interference.
this cannot be concealed.
i am on it.
he jumped up and ran over to nik.
taking her in his arms, they reenacted a porn video with clothes on.
i watched kyrie out of the corner of my eye.
holy shit.
she was curvy in every way i could dream big perfect tits, long legs, shapely thighs but her eyes and hair drew me more than anything.
she had on more makeup than i thought she would, but i was ninety nine percent sure that had nikki written all over it.
i turned to look at her head on.
kyrie green eyes locked onto mine.
damn, i want this girl.
kyrie id foolishly allowed nikki to drive us to the restaurant.
by the time we got there, i was a mix of car sick and terrified.
oh, it was not that bad, she said as i stepped on the curb and put my hands on my hips, breathing deeply to get myself under control.
you are insane.
i almost stomped a hole through the floorboard trying to hit the imaginary brake.
a cool wind blew past, making me particularly aware that i was not wearing a bra or panties.
warm days, cool nights.
i should have worn a jacket.
delicious smells wafted from the fancy restaurant behind me roasted meat and fresh bread.
despite my momentary bout of nikki induced nausea, the food lured me up the front steps and through the heavy wooden doors.
welcome.
a peppy matre d greeted us as a few of the men at the bar to our left turned and gawked.
nikki sidled up, swaying her hips for the audience.
we are here with braden pearson.
ah, yes.
he smiled, fake but nice all the same.
i will show you to your table.
right this way.
i followed nikki as we passed through a hall in the rear of the dining area.
it was dimmer back here, the lights fading for the few tables situated along the back wall.
i scanned the room for braden, but there were no tables with a single man.
he must not be here yet, i said.
nikki.
a deep voice from the far corner braden.
and he was not alone.
i stopped, almost tripping over my own feet.
easton, the pitcher, sat at the table.
his eyes were on me, roving my body from my toes to the top of my head.
he shifted in his seat and met my gaze.
an easy smile spread across his angular face and heat rushed up my neck and into my cheeks.
the words oh, fuck played on repeat in my mind as braden stood to greet us.
easton remained seated.
nikki looked over her shoulder at me.
come on.
maybe it is time for second chances.
her earlier words played through my mind.
then i recalled how shed twirled her hair.
the classic sign of nikki subterfuge.
id been duped.
before i could flay her for tricking me into a double date, braden wrapped his arms around her and pulled her into a public display of affection that would have made a prostitute blush.
i remained where i stood, trying to decide whether i should suffer through dinner or make my apologies and leave.
i took a step back, preparing to turn on my heel and walk out.
kyrie, is it.
easton voice, a rich baritone with a southern accent, lilted into my ears.
he stood, holding his napkin in front of him at an odd angle.
he wore a dark blazer, a light blue button down, open at the collar, and a pair of jeans the perfect mix of dressy and casual.
i glanced up to his eyes as braden and nikki finally ended their makeout session.
yes.
she said.
sorry about that.
i get excited sometimes.
easton, this is my friend kyrie.
i think we have met.
he stepped forward and held out his hand.
light music began playing in the front of the restaurant, a string quartet by the sound of it.
i pondered his bruised knuckles for a moment before my manners took over, and i extended my hand.
his wide palm swallowed mine as we shook.
i do not think so.
his deep blue eyes sparkled in the low light.
were not you at the game last night.
i wanted to look away, but i could not.
something about him the same magnetism that had drawn me at the game was still working against me now.
i was, but we never spoke.
i saw you, though.
he held my hand for a moment longer than necessary before releasing me.
well, now that introductions are out of the way, what are we eating.
nikki took the seat next to braden and looked everywhere but at me.
bitch.
easton pulled out my chair and i sat, once again giving way to my manners.
he sat next to me and draped his napkin in his lap again.
so, easton, tell us about you.
nikki leaned forward as braden rubbed his hand up and down her back.
well.
he cleared his throat.
i am from atlanta.
i have been playing baseball since i could walk.
it is all i have ever done really.
i have a sister all of that is real interesting.
nikki took a gulp of the wine the waiter had just poured.
but are you single.
i tried to kick her under the table, but braden yelped instead and looked at me.
nikki ignored him, her focus on easton.
go on, tell me.
yes, i am single.
he shifted in his seat, the elegant chair creaking under his weight.
excellent.
i shook my head at nikki, but easton turned toward me so i stopped.
how about you.
he asked.
how about me what.
i dropped my eyes.
maybe if i could look at something else anything else i would not get lost in his gaze.
are you single.
yes, she is.
nikki giggled.
fight or flight kicked in again, and i pondered claiming i had to go to the restroom and, instead, hailing a cab and leaving.
before i could make my move, easton draped his arm across the back of my chair and i got a hint of his aftershave delicious and masculine.
my eyelids fluttered closed.
you do not mind, do you.
he asked.
i tried not to.
i really did, but in the end, i could not help myself.
i looked him in the eye.
my heart hammered as i drank him in, every last detail of his handsome face.
the way hed looked on the field, intense and determined, had melted away.
here, he was relaxed, a small smile turning the corners of his sinful mouth as he held me captive.
i let my eyes linger along his lips and wondered what he would taste like.
he ran his fingertips lightly across my shoulder and my body erupted in goosebumps as heat pooled low in my stomach.
had i ever seen a more gorgeous man.
the waiter stepped up, breaking the spell.
i leaned forward, away from easton too direct gaze and the warm touch of his skin.
i tried to get myself under control as the waiter took our orders.
the restaurant was well known for steak, so i had an easy choice of entre.
once our glasses were refilled, he hurried away.
the air between easton and me seemed to thicken by the moment.
there was no air between nikki and braden, both of them glued together, their chairs wedged against each other.
so, any team news.
nikki asked and dug into the baguette left by the waiter.
nothing, really.
we are supposed to be getting a new pitcher sometime soon.
that is about it.
braden ran his hand around nikki back and rested his fingers along her ribs, right below her breast.
the music grew louder, rising over the sound of diners conversations and the clink of silverware on china.
we were cocooned, tables empty on either side, giving our dinner a much more intimate feel than i was comfortable with.
i planned on having words with nikki as soon as we left.
as it was, i was not able to speak with her because her tongue was busy investigating braden tonsils.
i could feel easton looking at me.
i leaned forward to grab a piece of bread, though my main purpose was to let my dark hair fall into my face a little and give me somewhere to hide.
it worked, my locks slipping over my shoulder and along my cheek.
so, kyrie, what do you do.
easton was not going to let me get away so easily, it seemed.
i work at a magazine as an editor.
i glanced up at him.
oh, what magazine.
his easy smile was a lure.
teen sparkle.
his smile widened, a perfect dimple appearing in his cheek.
sounds like fun.
i blushed.
not exactly.
it was at first.
now i am looking to move up to something with a bit more cachet, you know.
i guess i have outgrown it.
he nodded.
i do.
i guess it is sort of like being in the minors and dreaming of the majors.
so what is the majors for you.
i took a sip of wine.
style and substance.
never heard of it, but i will sign up for a subscription.
i did not realize you were into fashion.
i laughed and took a bigger sip of wine, more of a gulp, really.
i do not know anything about fashion, honestly.
my sister helps me pick out clothes and has zero problems telling me if i look like a douche.
his smile was back, easygoing and charming.
your sister.
yeah, kasey.
shed love you.
she always had a thing for he glanced down to my chest and then, seemingly remembering himself, looked away.
what the fuck.
his tan cheeks colored the slightest bit.
and then i noticed something else.
you have something on your face, i whispered.
not that it mattered.
our dinner companions were not going to notice.
they needed to get a room at that point.
what.
where.
right here.
i reached up and ran my fingers along his cheek, his skin soft and smooth.
there like a line or something.
oh, shit.
kasey.
he shook his head.
she hit me.
your sister hit you.
i dropped my hand from his cheek, but he caught it in his palm.
his fingers were calloused, but warm.
it is sort of a long story.
we are roommates with a very special brand of he searched the ceiling for the word he wanted before bringing his gaze back down to mine.
retribution, i guess youd say.
i let him hold my hand, though i should not have.
he ran his thumb over my knuckles.
heat swarmed through my body, funneling down until it built up between my thighs.
i was leaning closer to him, our voices lowering as we spoke.
he put his other hand on my shoulder, his fingertips pressing me steadily toward him.
what did you do that required retribution.
i made words with my mouth, but i could not focus on anything but his eyes, his scent, the feel of his hands against my skin.
i left a dirty dish in the sink.
so she hit me with a whiffle ball bat.
he licked his lips.
though i think this one across the face was actually for laying out that runner yesterday.
the memory of his pure aggression had fueled my fantasies the previous night.
id come moaning his name.
my cheeks flushed and i took another drink, hoping the silky wine would do something to temper the heat inside me.
the fight made her mad.
yeah.
she knows it is bad for business.
she calls it my brand.
but do not get me wrong, she loves watching guys beat each other.
she knows it is just all part of the show.
his words ricocheted through my mind.
someone else had used that turn of phrase.
someone who was the reason i did not date players.
i leaned back, away from danger, away from the certain pain that getting involved with a man like easton would bring.
he tilted his head to the side.
wha.
so, what are we doing after dinner.
nikki had come up for air.
i took a deep breath and resolved to keep my eyes forward, even if that meant witnessing nikki and braden full on fucking across the table from me.
if i had to remind myself every thirty seconds that easton was a player, i would.
a club.
braden offered.
yeah, that would be fun.
nikki pleaded with me silently, her eyebrows pinched.
i shook my head.
going to a club was not an option for me.
before anyone could float any more bad ideas about post dinner activities, the waiter arrived and placed our entres before us with over the top flair.
we dug in, the sudden silence at the table a good indicator that the food was well received.
the steak melted in my mouth, the meat perfectly cooked and smothered in butter.
we drank and ate as nikki, thankfully, changed the subject and prattled on about her job and then got into a lively discussion with both easton and braden about the baseball season.
her full name was actually nokona, a brand of baseball glove.
baseball was in her blood, her father having been a minor league player and coach.
when the meal was finished, i blotted my mouth with the napkin.
the waiter arrived with the bill.
yeah, all on him, easton told the waiter and pointed at braden.
dick.
braden took the check and dug his wallet out, flipping the waiter his credit card.
so, a club.
nikki asked.
not a chance.
despite avoiding easton gaze through the rest of the dinner, i still felt him.
i knew there was still a very real danger easton could make me break my number one rule never trust a player.
i think i will just go home.
you three go out and have fun.
i am more of a homebody, anyway.
so, youd rather be home than at a club.
easton folded his napkin and placed it on the table as braden signed the check.
yes, thanks for understanding.
i stood, wobbling a bit, and was about to say my goodbyes when easton spoke again.
well, then let is go to your place.
he scooted his chair back and stood next to me.
nikki rose.
that is a great idea.
come on, braden.
drive me.
she made a lewd hand gesture toward her mouth and poked her tongue against the inside of her cheek.
no, i do not want to ruin your night.
you all should go out.
i waved my hand in the air, making a bigger arc than intended and almost smacking easton in the face.
whoa there, slugger.
he smiled and steadied me by putting a hand to my waist.
id had a few two, three, more.
glasses of wine with dinner, and i was buzzing like a freshman drinking wine coolers.
disgraceful.
his eyes twinkled as he looked down at me.
i am so full.
i do not think a club would be a good idea right now.
he knew exactly what he was doing.
nikki played with her hair and nodded.
i was being double teamed, and not in the fun, sexy way.
well, my apartment is not ready for visitors.
so, there.
well, hell.
easton shrugged.
in that case, let is just go to my place.
nikki skittered over to me, her ankles wobbling from the hooker heels.
problem solved.
she kissed me on the cheek and twirled her hair deviousness in every move.
perfect.
i drove, so we will swap up.
kyrie, you go with easton.
come on, baby.
i will let you drive my car.
i wondered if i could lure her to the bathroom and choke her out before anyone noticed the struggle.
easton pulled me into him and gave another devilish smile.
i was outnumbered.
fine.
i allowed him to help me out into the cool night, mainly because i feared falling flat on my ass if i did not.
nikki and easton gave their tickets to the valet.
then braden proceeded to get frisky with her as they waited.
her car drove up first, and she and braden got in.
i wondered if the seat would be sticky the next time i rode with her.
yick.
i shivered in the cool air.
come here.
easton pulled me to him, his chest to my back, and opened his jacket, giving me a sudden burst of body heat.
i should not have, but i leaned back against him, loving his warmth.
when i felt his erection pressing into the small of my back, a cyclone of desire whirled through me and i wanted to reach back and run my hand along his pants.
instead of stroking him like the sex starved drunk i was, i tried to move away.
he did not let me.
his arms tightened, pressing me to him even harder.
my lips parted and a soft, high pitched noise escaped.
fuck, he bit out.
i rested my head back on his shoulder, feeling the steady beat of his heart against my back.
how long had it been since id let someone hold me like this.
he nuzzled into my hair, his breath tickling my ear.
some people behind us were talking.
there was a line for the valet.
i did not care.
i just did not want him to stop touching me.
my thoughts were a muddle.
there a rule.
i have a rule.
some sort of rule.
when he kissed the shell of my ear, any well reasoned thoughts or rules i may have had vanished.
my stomach tightened and my pussy tingled.
i was wet and utterly without panties.
he moved a hand inside his jacket and cupped my breast.
i panted, unable to stop my heart from racing at his touch.
when he grazed his thumb over my hard nipple, my knees almost went, but he held me up with his other arm.
jesus.
he squeezed my tight bud and kneaded my breast.
a low moan fell from my lips and i edged my hand around my hip, about to reach behind me and touch him through his pants.
a large black truck roared up to the valet station and stopped.
the rumble of the engine cut through my haze of lust and reminded me i was being felt up by a strange man on a busy street while surrounded by people.
i stepped forward, pushing his arm away from me.
my hand went to my throat, the panicked beat of my heart ticking against my fingertips.
a chill wind blew by and i crossed my arms over my chest.
come on.
he strode past me and opened the passenger door, holding a hand out to help me up.
i stared at his hand.
i could still call a cab, still go home.
kyrie.
his tone was so gentle, though edged with the same need i felt in the deepest parts of me.
say no, say no, say no.
i please.
his features softened even more to the point he looked boyishly cute.
no woman could resist a look like that from a man like him.
though it was foolish, and i was certain i would regret it, i took his hand.
easton my heart thumped as i helped kyrie up into the truck.
she was tipsy from the wine and my hands slid across her hips and down her thighs as she climbed into the cab.
no panties.
fuck.
i glanced down at the tent formed in my jeans and scurried around to the driver side, adjusting my dick down the side of my leg before climbing in.
my hands on her waist had sent blood straight to my cock, as if i was not hard enough from the tit grab right before.
climbing up into the driver seat, i noticed she was looking out the window and, as such, unable to observe my hard on predicament.
i tried to take my mind off her an impossibility in order to keep my pants from strangling my dick.
any sudden movements and a cock injury would be imminent.
i hit the gas.
we sped off down the road, and kyrie would not even look at me.
street lights passed and disappeared into the inky night.
she kept staring out the window, refusing to engage.
what the fuck did i do.
this girl was so hard to get a read on.
one minute we were hot and heavy, a little tit action, the next it was like i did not exist.
you live nearby.
id have said anything to get her to look at me.
not really.
i was hoping for more than two words.
i glanced to her dress snug on her thighs and then up the rest of her body before returning my eyes to the road.
my cock twitched.
family nearby.
i gulped.
she sighed.
no.
jesus, tough crowd.
braden and nikki are pretty hot and heavy, yeah.
fucking gossip, easton.
jesus you are desperate.
yep.
everything okay.
you want me to drop you at your house.
maybe if i tried another approach it would work, though taking her to her place was the last thing i wanted to do.
every inch of my dick begged me to fuck her, but every cell in my brain pleaded with me to make the right move.
for the first time in my life, my brain was trumping my cock.
she rested her chin on her palm with her elbow on the door.
no, i do not want to be rude.
i told them wed go.
i am sorry.
just, you know.
she waggled her finger next to her temple.
headache from wine, and she stopped mid sentence with the worst fake yawn id ever seen in my life.
tired.
it is past my bedtime.
i liked this girl a lot, but i was not an idiot.
it was the most atrocious acting id seen in a long time, and frankly, i was not used to women trying to blow me off.
wrong move, kyrie.
i was competitive and did not intend to let the shit fly without making a statement.
mmhmm.
i let out an exasperated sigh of my own.
my semi fake acting must have paid off.
i caught her staring at me from the corner of my eye.
granted, it was not a stare any man would wish to receive from a woman he may or may not put his dick inside later.
in this case, may not looked like the clear frontrunner.
what was that for.
she ran her fingers through her hair, nerves evident in the movement.
what.
mmmmmhmmmmmm.
she drew out her syllables far longer than i did.
i was just agreeing that you must be exhausted.
three glasses of wine and half a steak will do that to you.
heh.
the word sputtered from her soft, full lips, but sounded almost like she was clearing her throat.
look, i am sorry if i offended you.
if you want to go home, i can take you.
it is not a big deal.
i can tell them whatever you want.
did not feel good.
had a headache.
i said i would go.
i am going to go.
you do not need to worry about me, seriously.
goddamn, i could not win with her.
what is her deal.
okay.
okay.
got it.
i am sorry.
i caught her looking over at me once again, and there was something going on behind those gorgeous eyes of hers.
i did not know what it was, but it seemed like maybe it was not about me.
i held on to that bit of comfort, well, because i did not have any other source of hope that this could possibly work out in my favor.
the screen on my phone flashed with a picture of braden grabbing his dick.
his doing, not mine.
id never been so relieved to see that picture.
his call came in over the speakers.
what up bitch.
his voice was loud and somehow he sounded more drunk than before.
nothing man, almost there.
you guys close.
we are walking down your hallway.
you drive like a fucking old retired man in a golf cart.
remind me to pick you up some depends there, grandpa moses.
kyrie did not even crack a smile.
whatever man.
you have a key.
should be golden.
kasey is out with her girlfriend.
all right man.
see you guys in a minute.
i pulled into the parking garage of my high rise and wound around the concrete structure to my parking spot.
i tried to get out in time to open the door for kyrie, but she was already shutting her door when i got around the truck.
sorry, i was gonna try and help you down.
i managed.
but thanks.
she looked up and held eye contact.
i am sorry.
why did i keep apologizing.
i am trying.
sorry if i am awkward, i i will shut up now, damn.
apologize some more easton, you bumbling fuck.
she let out a giggle that subsided into a smile.
a smile i wanted to hold onto for a long time because i was not sure if another would come.
it is not you, easton.
it is me.
just ignore me, seriously.
you will be better off.
wow, i got the whole it is not you, it is me speech before id even taken her on a real date.
fuck it, she smiled at me.
it was a win as far as i was concerned.
no worries.
i just do not want you to be upset with me.
you pussy, easton.
we walked over and hopped in the elevator, headed to my floor.
i tried not to crowd her but i could see her reflection in the stainless steel elevator doors, barely.
even with the limited view she was the most beautiful thing id ever seen.
curvy and sexy stick figure models never did it for me.
i noticed her nipples jutting against the fabric of her dress.
i wondered if it was cold in the elevator, but it was impossible to tell.
my collar was sticking to my neck and my palms were clammy.
ding.
thank god.
we stepped out into the hall and strode toward my condo.
when we got to the door i pushed it open.
hey dick weed, we are here.
silence.
what the hell.
where are they.
i looked back to kyrie.
make yourself at home.
i motioned to the couches in my living room.
you want a drink.
i am fine.
kyrie walked through the entryway, her head turning back and forth to examine my apartment.
she was probably just taking in her surroundings, but her recent attitude made it seem like she was judging every little piece of decor.
the place was pretty basic and i liked it that way.
neutral paint, black leather furniture set, cherry hardwoods, flat screen tv on one wall with some basic surround sound speakers.
she walked over and plopped down on the couch, folding her arms.
it pressed up her cleavage and i wanted to dive on top of her.
i pushed that urge deep down inside because it would most certainly end with her spraying my eyes with keychain mace.
i strode down the hall and turned the corner to the master bedroom.
the door was closed and i heard light moans.
braden, you motherfucker.
shit was about to get awkward.
kyrie obviously did not want to be alone with me, but nikki was otherwise occupied.
i turned back around the corner and our eyes locked.
pretty sure they are fucking in my bedroom.
kyrie rolled her eyes and sighed.
i am going to kill her.
it sounded like it might be a legitimate threat.
i mean, i did not know her that well.
judging by recent events, i did not envy nik at all.
i hoped braden was fucking her like a champ, because it might be her last lay.
i am sorry.
i can tell this is not how you wanted tonight to go.
i ran my hand through my hair and sighed.
she buried her face in her palms.
you look beautiful though.
i should have told you that earlier.
her face perked up and i caught her gaze but then she dropped her face in her hands once more.
ugh.
i am sorry, easton.
really, none of this is your fault.
i am kind of a mess right now.
i walked over to her.
is it okay to sit here.
i nodded to the cushion next to hers but held up my hands as a sign of diplomacy.
she had me thrown completely off my game.
her head shook in her hands and i was not sure if it was a yes or no.
i sat down anyway and she inched away from me.
is everything okay.
she exhaled, loud.
yeah, it is just she glanced up to me and then away again.
everything is wrong.
it is you can talk to me.
i am sitting right here.
you do not understand, easton.
well, can you look at me at least.
no, no, actually.
i can not.
i chuckled a little.
is there something on my face.
jesus.
i am not quasimodo.
she chortled.
no, you are hot i mean, you look perfectly fine.
and thank you for the compliment earlier.
no need for a thank you.
was just being honest.
i hate that your night is ruined.
nobody that looks the way you do in that dress should be sad.
i leaned over and pushed a few fallen strands of hair behind her ear.
my fingers grazed her soft cheek.
she turned to look at me and the side of her face landed in my palm.
she nuzzled into it.
i ran my thumb back and forth on her skin and our eyes locked on one another.
i could practically feel her hesitation in my fingertips, but her want as well.
do not let her look away.
she started to retreat, and i ran my hand along her face and back into her hair, snaking my fingers through it.
it was soft and long.
i wanted to bury my face in it and see what it smelled like.
she closed her eyes for a moment, before opening them again to meet mine.
easton, i can not fuck it.
i placed my other palm on her opposite cheek and leaned in, pressing my lips against hers.
i would not let her slip back into a mood.
she halted at first, and i pressed my lips harder into her.
i felt her hand graze up my back, all the way to my nape, and then she pulled me toward her.
our lips parted, and our tongues began to slowly intertwine.
she tasted like red wine and mint gum.
both of my hands were in her hair, and her nails scratched lightly against the back of my neck as she moaned into my mouth.
i moved to her neck, the sweet spot roughly halfway between her collar bone and ear, alternating between sucking and licking.
holy shit.
she gasped.
i tried to log her reaction to every tiny spot i kissed, every little thing i did.
i wanted to know which buttons to push so that she could not shut me out again.
hot and wanting was how i wanted her, always.
the verdict was definitely in that she loved my hands in her hair.
each time i gripped it harder she tensed and arched her back, her coos louder and more pronounced.
my hard on returned with a vengeance.
i loved pulling hair.
it was my thing.
i moved up to her ear and palmed her breast, rolling her nipple between my thumb and index finger, the same way i had in front of the restaurant.
i leaned back for a quick second and her eyes were closed as she bit her bottom lip.
i looked down to my hand on one breast.
the other was practically begging for attention.
before i could stop myself i dipped down and took her nipple in my mouth over the fabric of her dress.
it pearled on my tongue and i sucked, hard.
her back arched from the couch, smothering my face with her large, round breasts.
it was better than closing out game seven of the world series.
i bit down on her nipple and she half moaned and half begged.
do that again.
i flicked my tongue across it, then worked a lazy circle around before biting down again as i squeezed the other tight in my fingers.
god, she said on a breathy exhale.
heat coursed through my body and landed straight in my cock.
i had to reach down and adjust myself to prevent circulation issues.
i released her from my mouth and looked up at her face.
her head was straining against the cushion and, without warning, i grabbed the edge of her plunging neckline and yanked the dress down, exposing the tight nipple id just had my mouth on.
jesus.
her hands flew up to the cushion behind her head, nails digging into it as i leaned down and took her exposed breast into my mouth, giving it the same treatment as before.
naked tits were definitely better than dress covered tits.
i worked my tongue on her flesh and slid my hand up her inner thigh, expecting her to cut me off with a leg closing maneuver.
instead she spread them the slightest bit, inviting me closer.
id forgotten she was not wearing panties.
how.
i am not sure.
but when i got to the promised land, i was met with warm slick folds instead of the panty fabric id expected.
she was so wet my fingers slid straight into her.
holy fuck.
i went with it and took my fingers to the hilt, since she was apparently warmed up enough for them.
god, you are so tight and wet.
the words escaped my lips before i could filter them.
she moaned.
because you will not quit staring at me with that goddamn beautiful face, you prick.
she mine.
i grinned.
she finally let her guard down and my dick was doing all the thinking for me now.
i moved back up to her ear and worked her clit as her hips started grinding on my fingers in time with her moans.
i pushed two fingers back inside and gripped up to find her spot.
damn your fingers.
her hips sped up.
you want me to put this cock where my fingers are.
i gripped her wrist that was still up by her head, hard, and moved her hand down to my dick.
she squeezed.
you are such a fucker.
she nodded faster than anyone id ever seen.
i will be in a minute.
i pulled my fingers from her slick pussy and yanked her up by her wrists.
we needed a bed for everything i intended to do to her.
follow me.
my fingers intertwined with hers as i pulled her toward kasey room a mortal sin, but fuck it, i did not give a shit at this point.
where are we going.
my sister room.
she gone.
you sure.
we were nearing the door.
i looked her up and down.
she was hot, flushed, fucking gorgeous.
umm, yeah, i am definitely fucking sure.
and then i stopped.
all my condoms were in my room where braden was rough riding nikki.
thankfully, i always kept spares in the guest bathroom in case buddies ever brought girls over.
i have to run in the bathroom.
be on her bed naked when i get back.
my words were a low growl.
she dropped her gaze.
was i losing her.
i pulled her to me and claimed her in another hot kiss, mastering her with my hands and tongue.
she melted under my touch, her reticence falling away as she pulled me closer.
when i released her, she was breathless again, her eyes hooded.
on her bed.
now.
i sprinted across the hall to the bathroom door and started rifling through the drawer where i kept the condoms.
i was so jittery i fumbled one of the damn wrappers around on the counter and kept pushing it across the surface, trying to get a grip on it.
a shriek froze me in my tracks.
not a sex shriek, either.
like a horror film shriek.
i ran back toward the door to kasey room when i heard a female voice.
holy fucking tits.
come on in and join.
this shit is like christmas.
kasey voice.
i ran through the open door as kyrie turned to sprint from the room.
we collided, and i knocked her to the ground.
oh my god, are you okay.
i leaned down and lifted her to her feet.
she was covering her eyes and laughing hysterically.
not in a good way.
it was like she was in shock.
what the fuck.
i glanced up and there was kasey, wrapped up in a sheet.
a girl was tied to the bed, blindfolded, legs spread eagle.
hey big brother.
she must be your hot date you would not shut up about.
kasey motioned to kyrie.
i stared lasers into kasey skull.
it only made her smile wider.
i thought you were going to be out.
my words came through my teeth.
i decided to dine in for all three courses.
she smirked.
see what i did there.
kyrie laughed, one hand shielding her eyes.
see, she thinks it is funny.
just a misunderstanding is all.
as long as kyrie was not screaming or running, i figured things were okay for the most part, the lesbian bdsm scene right in front of us notwithstanding.
i surveyed the room for a second and decided to go with it.
i chuckled.
well kyrie, this is my sister kasey.
kasey, kyrie.
kyrie still shielded her eyes with one hand.
hi.
should we like shake hands or something.
it seems like we should, does not it.
kasey nodded and moved from the bed, still wrapped in her sheet.
the comforter followed her and slid to the floor.
oh, my.
kyrie must have caught an eyeful because she gasped and brought her hand lower over her face.
i glanced to the bed and saw a vista of spread legs with a big bald pussy sitting front and center.
hello.
kasey.
who there.
the pussy girl was shaking her head back and forth, as if searching for our voices in the dark.
i did my best not to look again.
kasey was in front of us and spun around abruptly toward the girl.
shut up.
kyrie edged toward me as kasey flipped back around.
no, do not worry.
kasey smiled at kyrie.
she asked for me to treat her like this.
like a bdsm thing or something.
ignore her.
i am kasey, this idiot is sister.
she held out her hand.
kyrie went to take it.
wait.
wait.
that is my bad.
kasey adjusted the sheet and freed up her other hand.
did not want to tuna palm your ass.
there we go, this one fresh and clean.
kasey and kyrie shook hands.
the girl in bed started to struggle against her restraints.
kyrie and i both made the mistake of looking and then covering our faces.
quit moving, you little whore, before i fuck your ass up and make you fix me a sammich.
kasey looked at me and grinned.
dude, what the hell.
i motioned to the girl in the bed without looking at the scenery.
stop being a bitch.
oh, she loves it.
do not you.
she called over her shoulder.
yes, master.
the girl stopped struggling.
kasey grinned.
see.
she watched fifty shades of something or other.
wanted to try out the domsub something.
i thought it sounded idiotic at first, but then she said i could talk mean to her, boss her around, and fuck her up if she misbehaved.
natch, i obliged.
i do not think that is exactly how bdsm works.
kyrie smiled, hand still over her eyes.
interesting.
maybe she was kinkier than i thought, reading sex books and whatnot.
i glared at kasey.
did you not fucking hear us come in the house.
braden is pounding nikki out in my bedroom right now.
oh, i had ear buds in.
did not hear anything.
my bad.
kasey belted out her cackle type laugh, the same one she used when she was up to something evil.
i stared at her.
you had ear buds in while you were going down on her.
i glanced to kyrie who was now fifty shades of red and pink in the face, giggling at our conversation.
well, most likely at kasey.
yeah, i do not need that bitch telling me what to do and where she wants it.
i am a fucking artist down there, easton.
people need to respect my creativity, and i need a rhythm when i am attending a clam bake.
kyrie began to choke on a laugh that was much larger than she could handle.
jesus christ.
as much as i hated saying the words, i knew they were for the best.
i turned to kyrie.
i should go ahead and take you home.
kyrie nodded, still unable to speak.
it was nice to meet you, kyrie.
come back, okay.
this shit ai not normal.
i mean do not get me wrong, we are fucked up, but not like, well, this.
kasey held her arm out to the still full on pussy display as if she were introducing someone on a stage.
this here is a pay per view event type sitch.
you lucked out.
it it was nice to meet you too.
well, sis.
so this was nice.
but we are gonna yep.
kasey winked at me as kyrie and i backed out of the door.
she shut it behind us and we both let out sighs of relief.
we could hear kasey on the other side of the door.
you subby mcsubberson, running your tits off when i got company.
i ought to lash your pussy indiana jones style.
oh.
my.
god.
kyrie drew a lock of hair between her teeth and bit down.
a cute little tell.
i know.
i scrubbed a hand over my face.
i think i may be scarred.
i mean, just i could not think of anything better to say.
she stopped the hot hair biting and smoothed her dress.
yeah, i should really get going.
fuck me.
she was starting to avoid my eyes again.
i am going to kill kasey.
let me grab my keys.
no she looked me up and down and turned away.
i really should take a cab.
not gonna happen.
i am getting my she grabbed my arm, and then squeezed and held on longer than i think she wanted to.
no.
i need to go alone.
why.
what the fuck.
heat rushed into my face.
her gaze turned to the floor.
because.
she exhaled a huge breath.
if you take me home, you will stay the night.
kyrie nikki snored next to me in my bed.
the sun had long since been up, and id been staring at the ceiling thinking about easton.
last night was a mess.
i turned over and peered out my window at the clear patch of blue sky.
the blue reminded me of easton eyes, though they were much darker and had a mischievous sparkle to them.
i batted the thought away and tried to force my thoughts into teen sparkle territory.
maybe if i concentrated on the drivel article i was writing about the latest teeny bopper sensation, i could forget easton.
easton.
his hands on me.
i rolled to my stomach and groaned into my pillow.
he felt so good.
his fingers sinking inside me as his lips plundered my mouth.
i squeezed my thighs together, trying to quell the need that swirled inside me.
i flipped to my back and stretched my hands out beside me, laying them on top of the blanket and keeping them there.
nikki snoring continued.
i slowed my breathing, trying to calm down and fall back to sleep.
but easton was there again, running his teeth along my nipple.
i balled my hands into fists.
i was not about to finger bang myself with nikki sleeping beside me.
but i glanced to my bathroom i could take a quick shower.
i slid out of the sheets and crept to the en suite door.
nikki rolled to her stomach and sprawled across my bed.
easing the door closed behind me, i stripped off my t shirt and panties and flipped on the hot water.
the room steamed up as the water rushed by, but all i could feel was the buzz in my clit and the tension low in my stomach.
i stepped in, the water so hot it almost burned, but it was nothing in comparison to the heat between my thighs.
reaching down, i flicked my hard nub and moaned into my arm.
i closed my eyes and imagined easton mouth on me, his tongue swirling around my pussy.
it was his fingers plunging inside me.
sliding my fingers out, i rubbed my swollen clit.
easton looked up at me, his eyes glinting as his tongue drove me wild.
i tensed, my hips grinding against my fingers.
easton tongue was all i felt, his lips fastening around me.
working his fingers in and out, getting me ready for his cock.
i wanted it, every inch.
i closed my eyes and he was inside me, shoving me against the wall and taking everything i had.
my orgasm rushed over me in a wave, fast and strong.
i bit my arm as i came on a cry, his name on my lips.
i leaned on the tile, letting the water pour as i tried to slow my breathing.
once my body finally relaxed, i glanced to the door.
no sign of nikki.
id gotten away with it.
i grabbed my loofah and body wash, hoping that this little solo tryst would solve the problem and quench my need for easton.
soaping up, my mind wandered back to his hands on me, how theyd slid against the curves of my body.
how large and hard hed been in his pants.
fuck.
even though id just gotten off to him, the need was back, not sated even the slightest bit.
the bathroom door swung open, and i dropped my loofah with a squeak.
hey.
it is only me.
calm your tits.
nikki rubbed her eyes and plopped down on the toilet.
snagging the loofah, i stood up and played it cool.
so, why did not you go back to braden last night.
oh, he and easton had a ridiculously early practice.
i did not want to hang around at his place after hed left.
okay, so why did you come to my place instead of going back home.
i hung the loofah and shampooed my hair.
she finished and flushed.
ow.
i hopped away from the stinging hot water.
you, bitch.
i dodged the spray and turned the faucet to counteract the lava pouring from the shower head.
she laughed far too hard and leaned against the vanity.
i came here because we need to talk about easton.
i swatted at the water, throwing some of it over the shower door and getting her wet.
keep doing that and i am coming in there with you.
she yawned and stretched as i stared at her, aghast.
you would not dare.
would not i.
id film it, too.
wed make kajillions.
she grinned and i barely restrained myself from tossing more water.
but i did not do it, mainly because i knew she was not bluffing.
boundaries were not nikki forte.
i turned my back on her and adjusted the nobs again as the water cooled.
i did not want to discuss easton.
that topic was closed as far as i was concerned.
id been shanghaied into the double date the night before, and even though id gotten hot and heavy with easton.
it was a mistake.
as i was saying before i was so rudely interrupted, i think you and easton would be good together.
no.
i rinsed my hair, the water flowing past my ears and blocking out her voice.
i was not ready.
even though it had been two years, i was not over it.
did you hear any of what i just said.
she crossed her arms over her chest and glared at me through the glass.
some of it.
no you did not.
i said that you and easton have an obvious chemistry and it would be a good idea for you to let him put his dick in you.
maybe play just the tip if you are feeling skittish.
nikki, i am not going to sleep with a player.
last night was a momentary lapse.
you know why.
so drop it.
i conditioned my hair and tried not to think of easton, but nikki was having none of it.
it is been two years, babe.
you have to get out there again.
her voice was quieter, concern lacing through the words.
i hate to see you passing up having a relationship because of that douche nozzle.
he gone.
good riddance.
it was hard, but you are better off without him.
everything she said was true.
but there was still a place inside me, a secret place, where i stored up all the hurt hed caused, all the humiliation, all the loneliness.
it was like a lockbox, but id gotten so used to carrying the weight around inside me, i did not know what id do if i threw it overboard.
would i sink right along with it.
i turned the water off and slid my towel from the rack.
stepping out of the shower, i shook my hair and laughed as nikki held her hands up and ran back to my bedroom.
she jumped on the bed and rolled to the far side.
i followed her and plopped down next to her, not caring i was getting my comforter all wet.
i hear what you are saying.
i know, okay.
i know it is been two years.
i just she turned over and faced me, propping her head on her hand.
you have to let it go.
it is time to move on.
and easton is not him.
just because he a baseball player does not mean he a fucking prick.
understand.
i do not know.
she ran the back of her hand down my cheek.
it was a particular quirk of hers.
intimate and comforting, id only ever seen her do it with me and her little sister.
i do know.
and it is time for you to suck it up, buttercup.
nothing wrong with being a cleat chaser like me.
nothing wrong, per se, but chasing after boys in tight pants has not exactly worked out well for me.
i pretended i was going to bite her finger.
she laughed.
well, in that case, easton is perfect for you since he the one doing the chasing.
she grinned, her eyes lighting up.
what did you two do last night while braden and i were otherwise occupied.
nothing.
i turned to look out the window, the sun already getting high.
liar.
tell me.
my cheeks flushed.
nothing.
she rolled to her stomach and rested her chin on her hands, staring at me eagerly.
tell me what happened or i swear by all that is holy i will tell you every explicit detail of how braden fucked me until i could not walk straight.
i covered my face with my hands.
you are the worst.
and then i spilled.
it was the only way to avoid hearing an inch by inch description of braden dick.
so no actual p in v then.
no, just f in v.
i wiggled my fingers.
i got t in v.
she stuck her tongue out at me.
you win.
i shook my head and caught a glimpse of my phone on the nightstand.
the notification light was blinking.
i picked it up and swiped across the screen.
there were four messages all from a strange number.
a.m.
hi kyrie.
it is easton.
i just wanted to say what a great time i had with you last night.
hope we can do it again soon.
a.m.
i do not mean do the awkward thing with walking in on my sister again soon.
i meant the dinner and the stuff after.
a.m.
i mean, we do not have to do the things we did after dinner again, if you do not want to.
i just want to spend time with you.
but if you wanted to do those things, id love to do them.
a.m.
i am sorry for all the messages except maybe the first one.
please call or text anytime.
i have practice til noon, but then i am available anytime.
talk to you soon.
you own that d.
nikki had been reading over my shoulder.
she squealed and fell back, kicking her feet in the air.
i do not own a d.
i put my phone down and stared at it as if it were poisonous.
how did he get my number.
nikki stopped kicking and sat up next to me, twirling a lock of hair around her finger.
it is a mystery.
ugh, nikki.
what.
why do you always think it is me.
she shrugged.
because it always is you.
i pinned her with a scowl.
she puffed her lips into a pout.
you are not going to text him back.
no.
i need to slow things down.
i wanted to text him, call him, jump in my car and go watch him practice in those tight pants.
but i was not about to rush into anything.
stopping and thinking would be the key to keeping my heart safe.
slow down.
no.
you need to text him.
she tried to grab for my phone.
i smacked her hand away.
give me a minute okay.
i said id think about seeing him.
i just need some time.
she leaned back and stared at me, her brown eyes searching my face.
you promise you will give him a chance.
i will think about it.
that is all i am going to say.
i stood and went to my dresser before donning a t shirt and yoga pants.
want to go eat big bowls of cereal and watch mind numbing tv.
you know me so well.
nikki rose and flounced past, giving me a playful slap on the ass as she went.
i stared at myself in the dresser mirror.
despite what id told nikki, i could not decide if i really wanted to give easton a chance.
i did not know if i could handle another heartbreak, especially when i already knew what it was like chasing after a man who ate, slept, and dreamed baseball.
would easton be any different.
nikki and i lazed away our weekend.
i received a few more texts from easton asking how i was and wanting to know if i was free, but i did not respond.
nikki gave me the stink eye when i checked my phone but did not type anything back.
she did not press, but i knew she was dying for me to message him.
he kept trying, still texting me on monday morning during the staff meeting.
i flipped my phone so it was face down on the table as tessa did her usual round robin of questions to each editor.
the justin piece.
tessa asked.
this morning she was dressed in an eggplant colored sheath dress with a mustard jacket and pea green tie.
it was as if the condiment section at a hotdog stand had vomited all over her.
i will have it by lunch.
one final pass and it will be good to go.
i smiled.
good.
nikki, how about that piece on all natural tampons i asked you for.
do not worry.
i am really plugging away at it.
shoving every bit of info into it.
our readers will really soak up the knowledge.
i snorted and covered it with a cough as i kicked her ankle.
so, today.
i will have it today.
tessa asked, oblivious as usual.
i will ram it home before close of business.
nikki grinned.
after a few more minutes, the meeting was over.
once id gained the relative safety of the hallway, i let out the laugh that id stifled as best i could.
nikki.
i tried to scold her, but it was too funny.
you loved it.
she hooked her arm in mine and walked me to my office.
my phone buzzed in my palm as we turned the corner and stopped dead.
a huge bouquet of flowers blue and white hydrangeas, and large yellow roses overpowered my desk.
what the.
i hurried over and snagged the card as nikki leaned against my doorframe, a satisfied smirk on her face.
kyrie, i would really like to see you again.
hope these brighten your day.
easton flowers, bitch.
he sent you flowers.
can you at least text him now.
nikki strutted over and took a whiff of a rose.
mmm.
text him.
i sank down at my desk and stared at the enormous arrangement.
my phone buzzed again.
i checked it.
two more messages from easton.
still thinking of you.
that sounded stalkery, but it is true.
i would really like to see you again.
and i may have asked braden to ask nikki to make sure i was not bugging you.
she said it was ok.
i put my phone down and glared at nikki.
i told you i needed to go slow.
i know that is what you said, but i think maybe you needed a little push.
she examined her bright red nails.
no, nikki, i need to go slow.
you can not just decide what is right for me and then get easton to play along.
look, if a man wants to send flowers, let him.
she put her hands on her gray peplum skirt, squishing down the ruffle along her hips.
i did not get any flowers.
i am the one who should be bitching.
you want my flowers.
i had the impulse to clutch the vase to keep her away, but that was foolish.
they were only flowers big, beautiful, thoughtful flowers.
that is not the point.
she threw her hands up.
the point is that easton is a good guy who deserves a chance.
that is all i am going to say.
now, i need to go pretend like i am working for a while until tessa leaves for her bloody mary and mimosa brunch, food optional.
turning on her heel, she strutted away.
i propped my chin on my hand and studied the arrangement.
id never actually received flowers before.
maybe easton was not the sort of player i was used to.
maybe nikki was right.
i sighed at the thought of admitting that skinny maniac was correct about anything, but she had me this time.
i picked up my phone to text him back, but my email dinged and distracted me.
when i saw who it was from, i almost knocked my mouse off the desk from trying to open the email too quickly.
dear ms.
kent, we have reviewed your body of work and have an interest in interviewing you for the executive editor position at style and substance.
please send us your latest pieces from the next teen sparkle issue.
if all is in order, we will set an interview at that time.
yours, graciela froggart i tamped down my excitement and re read the email several times.
i just had to get my fluff piece on the pop star finished, perfected, and printed, and id have my foot in the door at style and substance.
ms.
kent.
grady, from the mailroom, stood at my door.
i schooled my features, though a stupid grin kept threatening to overtake my face.
yes.
i forgot this came for you, too.
he walked in and i hastily minimized the email.
what is this.
he handed me a box wrapped in brown paper.
from a mr.
holliday.
i signed for it along with the flowers but forgot to drop it off.
see ya.
bye grady.
i spoke as i ran my fingers beneath the folds in the paper and pulled.
the torn paper revealed a brand new kindle, top of the line.
on top were two tickets, right behind home plate, for the thursday night ravens game.
i smiled, my cheeks heating as i ran my hand over the smooth kindle box.
easton was relentless.
and did i really want to keep fighting my attraction to him.
picking up my phone, i texted thanks for the flowers and the kindle.
i look forward to seeing how much heat you can bring on thursday.
i hit send before i chickened out.
i stared at my phone, willing it to buzz.
anxiety ramped up inside me.
had i made him wait too long.
after a few moments, i was rewarded.
you are welcome.
i will bring the heat.
you bring the kindle.
we will see who blinks first.
easton we were up two runs in the bottom of the ninth with one out.
rodriguez walked the last batter and coach called for me to warm up.
the tying run was at the plate.
id tried to focus the whole game, but all i could think about was kyrie.
braden said i was acting like a total pussy, but i thought the kindle was a perfect gift, and i was proud of myself for thinking of it.
it was an added bonus that i got to preload it with the encyclopedia of baseball.
she was at the game.
shed told nikki, whod told braden, whod told me that shed show plus the fact shed said she would be here via text.
i wonder what she wearing.
you gonna throw the fucking ball or what, easton.
i snapped out of my daydream.
yeah, bro.
my bad.
our bullpen catcher, harrison, was tapping his cleat on home plate and had his mask flipped up.
he flipped it down and squatted behind the plate as i started my warm up pitches.
i got in all of two throws when i heard a crack, and looked out to see the single go up the middle.
the runner on first rounded second and headed for third, but the strong throw from center field sent him scrambling back.
coach started out from the dugout and motioned for me.
fuck, i am not ready.
a worker opened the gate in the outfield wall and i trotted through.
it was unusually hot for a mid april game, and the humidity created a pressure cooker inside the stadium.
it hit me like a brick wall.
sweat formed on my forehead, and began to bead up on my arms.
the crowd roared around me from every direction.
my feet pounded the ground, the spikes leaving small tufts of grass in my wake as the cheers grew louder when i neared the infield.
usually, i would be focused on the hitter and his scouting report, the inning and out situation.
i did not even know who the hitter on deck was.
all i could do was look for kyrie in the stands.
and then.i saw her.
she wore a flowery spring dress, with a short sleeve lavender cardigan.
her eyes locked onto mine, and her lips formed the most gorgeous smile id ever seen.
nikki was with her, but i could not even give her a glance.
my eyes were focused on kyrie.
easton.
fuck son, what is the matter with you.
i glanced to my coach, though i hated losing the sight of her.
sorry, coach.
get your goddamn head in the game.
johnston hits a ton, and he on fire lately.
we need a groundball or a strikeout right here.
so either work him in with the sinker or away with a slider.
sounds good.
coach slapped the ball in my glove and sauntered back to the dugout.
i threw my warm up pitches, but not without ogling kyrie every chance i got.
i even smiled at her.
i never smiled on the mound.
you are so fucked.
braden caught my last pitch and then walked out to me.
he stood there with his catcher mask sitting atop his head, grinning his ass off.
she came, dude.
he gave me a light jab with his catcher mitt.
i know.
i am starting to think it was a mistake.
i can not focus for shit.
all i think about is her.
i looked over to her sitting down, her eyes locked on me, her lips still slightly curved like she wanted to smile, but was trying to hold back.
bro, strike these whores out and go fuck the prom queen.
it is the jock code.
i am trying, man.
i pulled my cap down to hide more of my face.
she is in my head.
look, pussy.
you know what is at stake.
you are a free agent at the end of the year.
sack the fuck up and work this guy low like coach said.
bust him in, work him away with a slider.
i got your back.
do not even look at her.
she is not there.
the sound of footsteps approaching from home plate alarmed us that it was time to go to work.
let is go guys, said the ump.
yes sir.
braden tapped my glove and retreated with the umpire toward home.
i circled to the back of the mound and grabbed the rosin bag, popping it up in my hand a few times.
i wedged my glove in my armpit and rubbed the ball with my hands, my sweat mixing with the powder to help my grip.
when i stepped up to the mound, the crowd cheered for me, but id never felt so awkward in my life.
it was not right.
i was out of place.
karma, yin and yang, chi something was out of balance between me and the cosmic forces of the baseball gods.
some called it the yips.
i called it being totally fucked.
focus, easton.
goddamn.
you just need a c performance to get through this, and then figure shit out after.
i dug my foot next to the rubber and went into the stretch.
checking the runner, i waited for my short stop to get back into position before coming set.
braden flashed a barrage of signals.
slider away.
i shuffled the ball in my glove and got the grip i wanted, middle finger next to the top of the horse shoe.
i glanced to the runner once more.
he had a big lead.
i delivered home with a slide step instead of a leg kick, in case the runner tried something stupid, like stealing third.
i released late and the ball started outside and broke way out and into the dirt.
braden leaped to the side and managed to knock it down with his chest protector and hold the runner to second base.
holding my glove to my face, i screamed, fuck.
into the leather.
the crowd quieted.
i rubbed my sweaty palm down my right pant leg, as if the ball had slipped.
it was a ruse.
i glanced to kyrie.
shed been reading her kindle, but stopped when i looked over.
she smiled, and i had to fight every goddamn muscle in my face to not smile back, regardless of the rick vaughn style pitching clinic id just put on.
braden started to toss the ball back, and must have noticed the stupor still covering my face.
he held up a hand, and when the ump yelled time he trotted out to me.
just a bit outside.
he stretched out the words to emphasize it was far enough outside to have entered a different zip code.
yeah, thanks, dick.
look man.
he peered at me through his mask.
dead serious.
you have done this shit a thousand times.
you could do it in your sleep.
this guy ai not that great, and you have got, well, the best fucking shit i have ever seen.
okay.
trust your pitches, stop looking at the pussy, and do your fucking job.
thanks, honey.
you are welcome, sweet tits.
he trotted back behind home plate.
i went through the whole routine and brought the ball up to my glove.
this time braden called for a sinker inside a two seam fastball that runs in on a right handed hitter.
i exploded off my back leg in a straight line toward home plate.
as soon as i released the pitch, i knew it was trouble.
it came in high and tight, and the pitch moved at johnston head.
he hit the deck, dropping his bat next to him.
braden caught the ball right where the batter helmet was a split second before.
johnston leaped to his feet.
fucker was built like a linebacker, and the veins in his neck were bulging.
at six two, two twenty, i had some size on him, but not a lot.
he turned to braden.
what the fuck.
do you need to go have another chat with your fucking girlfriend out there.
maybe you should, tough guy.
i could see braden teeth through his mask, smiling as the dickhead made a scene.
you got a problem.
the words escaped my lips before i could stop them.
fellas, knock it off.
let is play ball.
the ump set up behind braden.
johnston kicked at the dirt and scowled.
do not throw at me again or it is your ass.
he pointed his bat at me.
i caught kyrie in the corner of my vision and turned to meet her stare.
she was in the net, like the first time id seen her.
when i thought my dick was about to get hard, i turned away.
i looked back at johnston.
why do not you go have a seat on the bench.
it is where your fuckin ass is about to end up anyway.
he smiled, looked over in kyrie and nikki direction, and spit a stream of tobacco juice into the dirt.
nasty fuck.
i got back up to the pitching rubber and dug my foot in harder.
fuck this guy.
braden called for the slider away.
i nodded and went through my motion.
this time, i threw the pitch right where i wanted, on the outer half of the plate and breaking out of the strike zone.
it fooled johnston and he took a huge awkward swing.
the crowd erupted, keyed up from the on field tension.
braden tapped his chest twice with his glove and fired the ball back out to me.
try that shit again, meat.
johnston sneered and knocked the dirt from his cleats.
you want to look like a clown again.
it is your funeral.
i will take that shit yard then go teach your girl over there how to grip my bat.
he slid his hand up and down the handle.
i glanced to kyrie, her fingers clutching the net, then back to johnston.
you are dead, bitch.
i got back up on the bump and squeezed the ball so hard in my throwing hand i thought i might crush it with my grip.
heat rushed into my face, my cheeks burning like embers in a fire.
each breath johnston took only stoked the flames higher.
braden called for another slider away and i shook my head.
hard.
he tried again, to the same result.
then he called for a two seam inside.
i nodded, fully aware of where this next pitch was going.
this time, instead of a slide step, i kicked my knee up high and hard, almost to my chin to get all the velocity i could behind the pitch, and exploded toward johnston.
my arm was a blur as my back leg came around.
he tensed as the ball connected with his rib cage.
johnston hobbled back a step.
his initial wince turned to rage as he slammed his bat to the ground.
you fucking bitch.
i was already on a bee line straight at him when braden got in front of me, the ump in front of johnston.
he was pointing and screaming unintelligible strings of profanity.
talk about my girlfriend one more motherfucking time, and i will put you in the fucking dirt, you cocksucker.
i fought to get past braden, but hed wrapped his arms around me in a bear hug and dug in his heels.
the ump pushed back on johnston.
get to first base.
now.
he flipped around.
you are out of here.
he twirled and slung his finger out toward the right field bleachers to a chorus of boos roaring through the stadium.
it was a fucking accident.
the ball slipped.
even as i said it, i wanted to knock johnston teeth out.
the fuck it was.
you are gone.
the umpire shook his head and pointed to my dugout.
i stopped fighting and let braden push me away from johnston.
walk off.
he held his palm to my chest, warding me off from doing anything else foolish.
do not make a scene.
stay cool, easton.
i nodded.
a ball of nerves filled my stomach as i walked with my head down toward the dugout.
kyrie was staring at me, i knew it, but i could not look up at her.
i wanted to be invisible.
i walked down the steps past coach.
sorry.
he did not say anything, did not even look at me.
i went to the locker room, composed until i was out of earshot.
then i let it out.
grabbing a water jug, i turned and hurled it into the wall, ice and water exploding everywhere.
i tipped over a bench, and screamed until my voice nearly failed.
a wooden bat called my name from braden locker, and i grabbed it and started hacking away on the corner of the lockers until the handle snapped in my hand and i slung the remnants of the bat at the wall.
i was not done.
i grabbed two batting helmets and slung them across the room, effectively destroying both of them and then grabbed a trash can and slung it for good measure, littering the floor with baseball wrappers and empty cans of dip.
then i sat down, and dropped my head into my palms.
fuck.
my heart was beating a mile a minute, and i forced myself to take deep breaths.
i had not been thrown out of a game since my first year in the league.
now here i was, sitting in the locker room and throwing a temper tantrum like a three year old.
i leaned back, letting my head loll onto my shoulders.
the fluorescents above me hummed a quiet reproach for my bad behavior, and i was glad no one else had witnessed it.
i sat for a long while, trying to get my thoughts in order and replaying my fuckup.
i knew where id gone wrong hitting johnston, even though the fucker deserved it.
and i knew why kyrie.
when hed talked about touching her, i could not function rationally anymore.
i was so fucked.
the minutes passed as i heard the strains from the speakers, though i could not make out the words.
i wanted to go back out, just to see what was happening, but i could not show my face.
finally, i heard the sound of cheers and felt the vibration of thousands of stomping feet.
it meant wed pulled it out.
thank god.
i let out an anxious breath.
braden was the first through the clubhouse door.
he froze in his tracks and scanned the destroyed room.
jesus christ, kylo ren.
by that point, id composed myself, and chuckled.
i may have gotten a little carried away.
he walked over and put a hand on my shoulder.
fuck johnston, that guy a prick.
i stared up at him.
we both knew johnston was not the problem.
what am i gonna do, man.
he slapped the brim of my hat and sent it tumbling to the floor.
we will figure it out.
after showering and doing all i could to avoid the press, i finally made it to the relative safety of my truck.
i checked my phone.
one new message.
my heart did a ridiculous flip when i saw kyrie name pop up.
so fucked.
i swiped my thumb over it.
hey, you okay.
i typed back.
yeah, i am fine.
just got carried away out there.
i fired up the truck.
what are you doing.
i looked around at the parking lot.
sitting in my truck.
about to head home.
i wanted to tell her i was sorry for the way i behaved, but i could not find the right words when my phone lit up again.
you want company.
no.
but her company.
yes i had to see her.
i wanted to hold her, kiss her i could not say no.
i pulled out of the parking lot and sped toward the cross street.
my phone flickered on.
see you at your place.
kyrie stood by my door.
i could not stop staring at her long legs in her dress, and then up to her hair and smile.
do not be an asshole.
i am sorry about that, i said as i walked up.
about what.
it was not one of my finer moments on the field.
i was just happy to see you.
even if it was short lived.
she smirked.
i faked a smile and her amusement faded.
you did not have to stand out here in the hall.
they could have given you a key at the front.
i did not mind.
i have not been here long.
i stuck my key in the door and opened it to let her in.
she stood there, staring.
fuck, i should have hugged her or something.
kissed her.
i needed to remedy the situation.
she started to walk through the door and i reached out and stopped her.
i ran my hand down her side and pressed my fingertips into the soft curve of her hip.
hesitation seemed to run through her, but a hint of anticipation as well.
i used my free hand to push a few locks of hair behind her ear.
her eyes sparkled though her nose crinkled as if she were uncertain about me.
running my hand from her hair to her cheek, i leaned down, pressing my lips to hers.
she tasted like fruity lip gloss.
for a brief moment, i forgot about everything that happened on the field.
her mouth parted and our tongues met in the middle, slowly twisting around each other.
she leaned back, severing our connection.
what was that all about anyway.
nothing.
i responded too quick.
she fidgeted with the hem of her dress.
it did not look like nothing.
he said something to piss you off.
what was it.
i was not about to tell her what he said.
i damn sure was not about to tell her that i called her my girlfriend in front of forty thousand people, whether they could hear it or not.
i do not want to worry about it.
i want all my attention on you.
i gripped her ass and lifted her easily, carrying her toward the couch as she let out a squeak of protest.
my cock surged against my zipper at the sound.
she clutched my shoulders though her lips were pressed into a tight line.
this is moving kind of fast for me.
i am not sure.
i lowered her to her back on the sofa, eyeing her from head to toe and wondering what she had on under the thin fabric of her flowery dress.
i am.
kyrie easton stood above me, raking my body with his gaze.
i squirmed, the tension already building between my thighs.
after the game, id wanted to console him.
but the moment hed looked at me in the hallway his frustration turning to something hotter all semblance of thought had flown from my mind.
and when hed kissed me.
everything had stopped except his body pressed to mine, his tongue owning me.
but i needed to shut this down.
i closed my eyes and took in a deep breath.
too much, too soon.
i sat up.
look, easton, i did not come over here to he leaned over, claiming my mouth with an insistent kiss and pushing me back into the cushions.
i put my hands on his chest and tried to shove him away, but he grabbed my wrists and pinned them next to my ears.
his kiss lit me on fire and i could not help but return it, caressing his tongue with mine as he slanted over me, tasting me.
when he squeezed my wrists harder, i moaned into his mouth.
he worked his knee between my thighs, the thin georgette material of my dress pushing up as he went.
god, if he went much farther hed know how wet i was.
i turned my head, breaking the kiss and taking a breath, but he was not deterred.
he fastened his lips to my neck, sucking and licking until goose bumps covered my arms and legs and i arched my back to him.
when my pebbled nipples rubbed against his hard chest, i gasped.
he released my wrists and ran his hands down my shoulders, pushing my cardigan and the top of my dress down until my breasts were revealed.
the cool air hit them, but soon after his mouth was hot and wet on one while he palmed the other.
i dug my fingers into his hair and let my head fall back against the couch.
spread your legs.
his voice was sandpaper as he went back to sucking and biting my nipple, my need growing with each nip of his teeth.
i opened my legs and he pushed his knee up higher, until it was almost touching my pussy.
wider, kyrie.
he bit my nipple for emphasis, making me moan and do as hed said, spreading as wide as i could.
when his knee made contact with me, he hissed.
you are so hot.
i dug my nails into his scalp as he switched to my other nipple, giving it the same treatment as he moved his knee against my pussy, steady pressure up and down that had me moving my hips along with him.
placing a kiss between my breasts, he pulled his knee away and sank to the floor in front of me.
he ran his hands up my thighs under my dress and gripped my ass, yanking me forward until i was perched on the edge of the couch.
looking up at me, his eyes were hooded and the corners of his mouth turned up in a faint smile.
moving his hand around my thigh, he stroked down the wet material of my panties and then back up to my clit.
he used his thumb, rubbing my nub through the material and making me ache for more contact.
you like that.
he asked, the devious smile still playing along his lips.
tell me.
i i like it.
how about this.
he pushed his finger around the fabric of my panties and touched my clit, stroking it in the same motion.
i jumped at the contact and bit my lip.
yes.
it was a husky whisper.
he licked his lips and my thighs went up in flames.
do you want me to kiss you here.
he ran his thumb down and teased it at my entrance.
say no, say no, say no.
yes.
what if i fuck you here.
ram my cock as deep and hard as i can until you come on a scream.
would you like that.
no, no, no.
yes.
i made a keening sound as he plunged his thumb inside me.
youd say my name, would not you.
he pulled his thumb out and licked it clean as i watched.
my heart thumped in my chest and i could not think, only stare as he closed his eyes and relished my taste.
say it.
his voice hardened, the edge piercing and ragged.
heaven help me.
yes.
he reached up and flattened a palm on my chest, pushing me down against the couch.
he used his other hand to grip my panties and rip them off, tossing the ruined fabric to the floor.
then he put both palms under my ass and lifted me to his mouth.
his breath against my hot skin made me whimper.
when he licked from my entrance to my clit, i moaned and dug my nails into the leather.
touch your tits.
he fastened his mouth to my clit as i pinched my nipples, my hips rocking up to his mouth as he squeezed my ass.
my head was against the back of the couch, tilted forward so i could see everything he did.
his blue eyes focused on my tits then my eyes and back again as he worked me.
when he slid his tongue down and stabbed it into my entrance, i arched my back even farther, and squeezed my nipples until they hurt.
my pussy clenched around him and he groaned, fucking me in a fast rhythm.
easton.
i panted.
please.
i did not know what i was asking for.
i just knew i needed him to give it to me.
he returned to my clit, flicking it with his tongue, and moved one hand from my ass.
when he plunged two fingers inside me, i cried out his name.
he pushed farther inside, still licking my clit, and curled his fingers up to my spot.
my hips moved to his rhythm, grinding my pussy against his velvet tongue.
every breath was a soft moan as my walls clamped down on his fingers and my body became nothing but a mix of pure pleasure and need.
every touch was calculated, perfectly leading me toward the cliff of my orgasm.
he fastened his lips to my clit and sucked, nodding his head as he did it, and i fell over the edge.
i arched my back, completely open to him as my pussy spasmed, every nerve ending in my body focused on his mouth and the sensation of delicious release.
his name was on repeat in my mind, on my lips, as my orgasm crested, my hips seizing as he continued to suck my clit.
it went on and on as he stroked me, his fingers teasing out my pleasure right along with his tongue.
coming back down, my muscles relaxed and i melted into the couch.
he kept licking me and gripped my ass harder as i tried to push away from him.
easton.
i cried when he nibbled at my clit with his teeth.
he pulled his fingers from me and kissed to my breasts.
he put his palm to my back, pulling me to him as he tongued my nipple.
id just had the best orgasm of my life, and he was already stoking the fire for another.
reaching behind me, he gripped my hair and yanked, forcing me to arch even further into his mouth.
the pain sent a new wave of desire through me.
i reached down and ran my hand along his hard length.
i wanted to touch him, to feel his smooth skin in my palm, taste it on my lips.
condom, he mumbled against my skin.
no, i am on the pill.
you are clean, right.
you better be clean.
he answered by biting down harder on my nipple.
i made quick work of his belt, then undid his jeans and zipper.
reaching in, i felt his damp head and stroked down his shaft.
he groaned and kissed to my lips.
i squeezed him in my palm and his hips jerked against me.
fuck.
he stood and pushed me to my back, then crawled between my thighs.
i pulled at the hem of his shirt, not wanting anything but the feel of his skin against me.
he obliged, pulling it off and tossing it to the floor.
his chest was wide and strong, the abs rippling down to his hard cock.
my eyes widened at his size.
i looked up at him, and he gave me a satisfied smirk before he lowered himself on top of me and claimed my mouth again.
his tip grazed my clit, and i dug my nails into his back at the tingling sensation that ricocheted through my body.
i am going to fuck you hard, kyrie.
i want you to know that, baby.
he kissed to my ear and licked around the shell.
i am going to own this pussy.
i can not help myself.
running his hands through my hair, he pulled, making his point as he bit down on my shoulder.
i trembled at his words and the fire inside me clicked up a few degrees.
he placed his head at my entrance and i spread my legs even wider, my knee digging into the back of the couch, when his phone rang.
it was not a normal ringtone.
it was some nineties hit that i vaguely recalled was by non blondes.
fuck.
he licked and sucked at my jugular as his phone went to voicemail.
his head still teased at me, and i wanted to push down onto him, forcing him inside me.
but i did not have a chance.
he had me pinned, totally at his mercy.
and it was the hottest thing id ever felt.
fuck, your pussy is so wet.
he pushed inside the slightest bit and i clawed at his back.
more.
i was desperate for him.
his phone rang again.
fuck.
he turned his head and looked at the phone, and moved his hips back, pulling out.
what is it.
i kissed the line of his jaw.
my sister.
she never calls.
hates talking on the phone.
so it must be important.
otherwise, i would never even think answer it.
it is fine.
it was not fine.
i wanted him inside me more than i wanted my next breath.
but he seemed genuinely concerned.
i am so sorry.
fuck.
he reached for the phone and swiped to answer.
kasey, i swear to fucking god if you are trolling me right now i am going to he quieted and i could hear a man voice filtering through the phone.
his face fell and he sat back on his knees and muttered a few uh huhs here and there.
i sat up next to him and put my hand on his chest.
his heart was hammering, and i feared it was not just from our activities.
no.
i am on my way.
he got to his feet and yanked his pants up.
what.
i pulled my dress back into place.
my sister.
she been in a car accident.
i have to get to the hospital.
my stomach churned.
is she okay.
something happened to her hand.
i do not know.
i just have to get there.
he pulled his shirt on and helped me to my feet.
i will come with you.
i grabbed my cardigan and bag.
you do not have to.
he pulled his shoes on while i slipped back into my espadrilles.
i know.
i want to.
he gripped the back of my neck and kissed the top of my head.
thank you.
then he took my hand and we hurried down to his truck.
he sped through the streets, running red lights whenever no one was coming.
his devotion to his sister made me look at him even more swoony than i already did.
he gripped my hand, his tension ratcheting up as we parked in the hospital deck.
hurrying through the halls to the emergency room, i was only able to keep up with him because he wrapped his arm around my waist and hauled me alongside him.
we burst into the emergency department and bee lined for the nurse station.
kasey holliday.
where is she.
the nurse, a young blonde, looked up and batted her eyelashes at him.
i am afraid i can not give out that information.
sort of fucking barbarians run this place.
this is cunt shit.
where my morphine.
an irate woman voice floated to my ears.
i pulled on easton hand.
come on.
i hear her.
huh.
he turned away from the flirty nurse and i pointed down the hall in the direction of the growing diatribe.
and another thing, i want a hot nurse.
big tits, got me.
when easton heard that last little bit of bluster, he took off and we rushed to kasey room.
she sat upright, a bandage on her temple and her left hand in some sort of gauze and silver metal contraption that kept her fingers straight.
what the fuck, kasey.
easton rushed to her bed and a relieved looking doctor hurried by, undoubtedly happy for the distraction.
easton grabbed his sister chin and turned her head to the side to inspect her bandage.
what the fuck happened.
kasey sniffed.
why do your fingers smell like tasty pussy.
easton pulled his hand away and stuffed it into his pocket as kasey glanced to me.
a smile spread across her face, though it turned into a painful grimace at the end.
morphine, i said.
her shout made me want to cover my ears.
she quieted down and peered past easton to me.
come here.
looking at you will make me feel better.
i could not help but smile and walk up to easton elbow.
she eyed me up and down, lingering on my breasts on each pass, before settling back into her pillows.
yes, i feel better already.
tell me what happened, easton said.
well.
she looked out the window.
i was minding my own business, see.
riding along in stephanie car.
who stephanie.
i do not know.
met her last night.
not important.
she waved her good hand in the air.
and, well, there was a red light.
but she did not see it, i guess, because her eyes were closed.
easton shook his head and crossed his arms over his chest.
why was that.
she held up her right hand.
because these fingers were hard at work inside her gooey bits.
easton scrubbed a hand down his face.
the hand with my tasty pussy smell on it.
i tried not to cringe.
he did not seem to notice.
kasey and i had my left hand around the back of her seat.
she held up the bandaged hand.
so when she ran the light, a car t boned her, squished my fingers, and knocked me the fuck out on something.
maybe the dashboard.
i do not know.
all i really remember is her saying i am coming.
i am coming.
kasey you are the hottest fucking lezzy i have ever let finger bang me in my life.
she shrugged.
the last line was just in her head, you see.
but i know it was there.
easton pinched the bridge of his nose.
so let me get this straight.
he tensed, speaking through clenched teeth.
you almost got yourself killed because you thought it was a good idea if you stuck your fingers in some chick while she was driving on a busy street at night.
when you say it like that, i sound like an idiot.
she shook her head, the light shining on her dirty blonde locks.
she was tall and thin, a dancer body overtaken by a hilarious sailor mouth.
she and easton favored in their dark blue eyes and dimples.
that is because you are an idiot, kasey.
jeez.
what the fuck am i going to do with you.
hey.
do not hate because i finger banged a girl into a coma.
she in a coma.
easton stared, aghast.
kasey started to laugh, but stopped and put her good hand to her temple.
no, i am fucking with you.
she fine.
already got released.
side curtain airbag thingy or whatever.
he uncrossed his arms and moved toward her, irritation rolling off him in waves.
i grabbed his elbow as she gave him a smug stare.
hey, easton, let us girls talk for a minute.
maybe you should go out in the hall and cool off.
he fisted his hands and glared down at me.
i am cool.
no, you are not.
come on.
i pulled his arm and he stumbled away from his sister bed.
this ai not over, kasey, he grumbled as i led him into the hallway.
calm down feisty pants.
let me talk to her.
i think i might have a better chance at getting through to her.
when you are angry, she just makes jokes and plays it off.
i thought you were a magazine something or other not a shrink.
he smirked.
i leaned up and kissed him on the cheek.
i will be back out in a minute.
fine.
but i will warn you.
she handsy as fuck.
he leaned against the wall.
i went back inside kasey room and shut the door behind me before walking to her bed and sitting at the foot.
she raised an eyebrow.
coming over to the dark side.
impressed with my skills.
she gawked at my breasts again.
kasey.
i shook my head.
you scared the shit out of easton.
when he found out youd been hurt, he could not get to you fast enough.
i do not know you well at all.
you do not know me at all, you mean.
she turned her head and looked out the window again, avoiding any real interaction.
you are right.
i do not.
but i know easton well enough that i can tell he loves you more than anyone.
and he does not want to see you hurt.
i know.
she sighed and brought her eyes back to mine.
it was dumb of me, okay.
i did not know shed get in a wreck or i would not have done it in the first place.
i nodded.
of course.
i just think that maybe you need to tell easton that.
he was so scared.
if you could have seen his face when the phone call came in laying it on a wee bit thick now.
she cocked her head at me.
i smiled.
maybe a little.
but he was terrified.
and, though i find you amusing, i do not think that is working for him right now.
i wanted you to know so you could smooth it over.
and do not do it again.
i will not.
jeez.
she threw up her good hand.
i wanted to fuck you but now you are acting like my mother, which makes me feel all confused and wrong.
not that i do not like it.
your tits go a long way toward making me feel better.
flash me.
i laughed and shook my head.
glad we had this chat.
i stood, ready to get easton so the two of them could make up.
he a good guy, you know, she said softly.
i am not the only one who does not need to be getting hurt.
he has this reputation as a badass pitcher, but he still my brother.
i can still kick his ass.
do not hurt him.
he more heart than he is brain sometimes.
i will not as long as you promise not to finger bang any more women while they are driving.
fine, fine.
agreed.
she smiled, but when i turned to retrieve easton from the hall, she said cockblock under her breath.
i stifled my laugh.
barely.
kyrie so, how big are we talking.
nikki perched on the edge of my desk.
you are ridiculous.
i ignored her piercing stare.
she grinned, her too red lips making her look like a cheshire cat.
tiny, huh.
i stopped typing my email to tessa and looked at her over my glasses.
no, i am pretty sure it was the biggest i have had, but i did not actually have it.
i looked toward the hallway where various coworkers walked by.
and we should not be discussing this here.
please.
she kicked the door closed with her mary jane stiletto.
these assholes could use some excitement in their lives.
more excitement than your tampon article provided.
surely not.
i coughed into my palm.
you know that shit was epic.
she tapped her red nails on her chin.
you think tessa going to notice that i referred to them as menses mops in a few places.
i covered my face with my hands.
oh my god.
you did not.
i did.
i surely did.
i can not think of a single phrase with more sparkle, except maybe poon plug.
out.
get out.
i pointed to the door.
wait, wait.
she held up her hands.
i am sorry.
let me stay.
i promise i will be good.
no more puns.
period.
i laughed, her last joke finally breaking me until i was a giggling, teary eyed mess.
it was the sort of laughter that would only multiply if i did not go ahead and let it out.
she just grinned, pleased that shed finally broken me.
okay, new topic, you crazy whore.
i wiped beneath my eyes before my mascara ran.
i want the same one you avoided easton.
you are like a bitch with a bone.
i repositioned my glasses on my nose.
no, that was me and braden last night.
she pointed to her crotch.
still sore as hell.
let me tell you.
please do not.
so you did not get any dick last night.
no.
almost.
well, sort of.
he i glanced to the closed door and lowered my voice.
he went down on me.
and, oh my god, it was the best thing i have ever felt in my life.
she smiled and leaned over, her necklace swinging over her super pushed up boobs in her sea green top.
that good, huh.
mind blowing.
i can not even describe it.
i blushed at the memory.
he was sort of frustrated, and then a little rough, and he got such a dirty mouth on him.
she scooted her blonde locks to one side of her neck and fanned the other with her hand.
did i pick the wrong player.
i do not know where he learned his, um, technique, but a girl could get used to it.
i dropped my gaze as embarrassment heated my skin.
so why no dick.
his sister was in a car wreck.
we went to the hospital to visit her.
oh, shit.
she sat back up.
she okay.
yeah.
but he was worried.
it was cute.
you can tell they have a really tight bond.
well, as long as everything turned out all right.
except for you not getting dick.
that shit is never all right.
when are you seeing him again.
i do not know.
i figure they have games soon, so maybe he will not have a lot of time for me.
i did not know if i hoped my statement was or was not true.
thinking about him, craving him i already did these things far too much.
i could not let myself fall for a player again.
could i.
pull up their schedule.
she pointed at my monitor.
good idea, though not the best use of company resources.
i tapped away on the keys, searching for the ravens.
a list of websites popped up, but across the top was an images tab.
easton handsome face caught my eye.
i clicked on it.
he was not alone in the photo.
a hot blonde was under his arm.
i scrolled down.
photo after photo of easton with different women.
so many.
nikki started nibbling on her fingernail.
kyrie, do not do not what.
do not see what sort of man easton is.
my eyes began to water again, but not from mirth.
this one was taken just a month ago.
i pointed to a photo of easton, a redhead under each arm and lipstick kisses on his cheeks.
my heart grew cold and my ears heated.
my fingers fell numb as i scrolled down, more pictures of easton kissing strange women, groping them, letting them sit on his lap.
nikki came up behind me and put her hands on my shoulders.
they are professional athletes.
women are always going to be throwing themselves at them.
stop looking.
i took my glasses off and tossed them down on my desk.
they might throw themselves, but that does not mean that easton had to catch every last one of them.
i brushed her hands off me, and she returned to the desk, her smile gone.
jesus.
i can not believe i almost let him fuck me.
god, i am so stupid.
so many dark thoughts and memories flitted through my head that i had to close my eyes against the onslaught.
he the same as the rest of them.
the same as i did not say his name.
i would not.
you are being too hard on him.
he did not know you then.
give him a ch just go.
please.
i tried not to blame her for getting my hopes up.
but i would not have met easton if it were not for her.
kyrie.
her voice gentled, all sarcasm gone.
do not be so hard on him.
he not the same as do not say his name.
my voice rose, anger tingeing the words and making them ugly.
leave.
okay.
if that is what you want.
but i am here if you want to talk.
nikki left, closing the door behind her.
i crumpled in my chair, letting the tears plop onto my navy skirt.
at least id learned what easton was truly like before id given him any more of me.
baseball players were just that players.
and i was a fool for thinking easton could ever be anything more.
easton a sliver of light shot through the blinds in my room and pounded my face.
one of my eyes opened and quickly closed before i managed the courage to open both and squint.
still, the first thing on my mind was her name.
kyrie.
i had not heard from her all day yesterday, despite my constant texting and calls that went straight to voicemail.
what the fuck.
i had thought things were going well.
shed gone with me to the hospital when kasey acted like an idiot and got herself in an accident.
now, nothing.
sliding out of bed in my boxers, i headed down the hallway into the living room.
the television was loud and laughter echoed off the walls.
when i rounded the corner, kasey was on the couch eating ice cream at eight in the morning in her pajamas, most of the ice cream smeared on her face.
fucked up on pain pills.
i walked past and headed toward the fridge.
you know i am.
kasey spooned out a boulder sized glob of mint chocolate chip and completely missed her mouth with it.
it slid off onto the cushion and she just went for another spoonful, completely oblivious.
jesus christ.
i rifled through the fridge.
her soy milk was the only thing i could find.
i glanced back to her to make sure she was not looking and yanked it out.
i tipped it up and took a few gulps straight from the carton.
i stuck it back in the fridge and turned to the living room.
she stared right at me.
you are lucky i will not remember you did that later, you dick.
i chuckled.
how the hand.
no idea.
i do not feel shit.
she tapped her chin.
i wonder if i could finger blast myself and it would seem like someone else was doing it.
write that idea down for me so i do not forget when you leave later.
i shook my head and grinned.
you are out of control.
you talk to your girlyfriend.
this was not a conversation i wanted to have at the moment.
my phone lit up on the counter and i ran over to it, only to see braden picture flash.
damn.
i swiped my finger across it.
hello.
hey, i am over by your place.
care if i stop by to check on kasey.
i glanced over to see kasey holding the empty tub of ice cream in the air and banging on the back of it with her free hand.
please come fast.
that is what she said.
later.
i walked into the living room and sat down on the couch.
the back of my knee landed in something cold.
fuck.
i jumped up and brushed ice cream off my leg as she laughed.
way to make a mess, easton.
her sneer was made extra comical by the ice cream in her hair.
any other day i would have just chilled with her and enjoyed her antics, but kyrie was still in my mind.
kasey glanced over at me.
she still has not called.
i shook my head.
cunt.
confusion and irritation mixed in my bloodstream as i walked to grab a towel to clean up kasey ice cream.
why was i irritated.
because kyrie was running cold on me again.
i knew she enjoyed the fucking orgasm i gave her.
she went with me to the hospital.
shed gotten my sister to act like a normal human being for once.
and then wed parted with a kiss that almost had me fucking her against her front door.
something was not adding up and i needed to find out what.
the front door opened and braden walked through.
what up, sis.
hey.
kasey drew out her word far longer than any sober person would.
you fucked up.
whatd they give you.
hydro.
you tell em to eat shit, you wanted percs.
yeah, but the nurse did not like me.
huh.
since when does that shit happen.
he looked at me like it was the most ridiculous thing hed ever heard.
for good reason.
id seen kasey turn a straight girl to the dark side more times than i could count.
she was all religified married or some stupid excuse and i was on a morphine drip not giving a fuck.
i do not think she appreciated me asking her if she ever went to town on herself exorcist style with the crucifix she was wearing.
i pulled out my phone and texted kyrie while kasey rehashed the events to braden, some of them embellished more than the story id received.
hey, is everything okay.
id love to see you today.
or at least talk to you.
i turned back to kasey and braden.
no shit.
you were three fingers deep when she had the wreck.
braden paused and stared at kasey for a second.
worth it.
they both said it at the same time, grinning at each other.
so what is up with you and the bubbly blonde.
kasey asked.
you using the technique on her i taught you.
you fuckin know i have been.
shit is magic.
they both began doing some choreographed hand movements while repeating the same thing.
fingers go in knuckle deep, ready that pussy for a feast.
grip them up and swirl the spot, thumb that clitty til it is nice and hot.
flick the tongue and watch her squirm, give the thumb another turn.
slip the pinky in the bum, watch her scream your name and come.
both of them doubled over in laughter before high fiving.
id have been right there with them if kyrie was not cold shouldering the fuck out of me.
you guys done.
i scrubbed a hand over my face.
why you being such a twat.
braden turned on the couch and stared at me.
his wife is not talking to him.
kasey paused.
one of you needs to get me more ice cream.
do you know what is up with her.
has nikki said anything.
i walked around to the recliner and sat down.
naw man.
umm, no idea.
he took too long to respond and broke eye contact.
braden was a great friend but a horrible liar.
i leaned forward with my elbows on my knees.
what did nikki say.
braden foot tapped on the hardwoods.
i can not say anything.
i promised, bro.
kasey smacked braden across the back of his head.
dicks before chicks, motherfucker.
mine is metaphorical in this case, but you get the picture.
she turned to me.
what the hell happened anyway.
your fingers smelled like freshly deflowered kyrie the last time i saw you two together.
her eyes narrowed.
whatd you do.
i shrugged.
i have no fucking clue.
but bitch boy here obviously knows something.
i motioned to braden who sank farther into the couch with each word.
he finally put some thoughts together and held up both hands, speaking slower and clearer than usual.
look.
i cannot say anything.
i started to interrupt him.
but if i were you, and i wanted to know what the issue was, i would go see nikki.
that is all i can say.
kasey clocked him in the jaw with her good hand, hard enough to turn his head back toward me.
i winced at how hard she hit him.
then i chuckled while he glared at me with his jaw clenched.
yep, i deserved that.
he stared down at the floor.
you motherfuckers need to get your shit together.
letting pussy run your life.
it is blasphemous.
she stared lasers at us and wagged her finger back and forth.
there was a brief pause.
blasphemous.
changing on a hydrocodone coated dime, she leaned over and gave braden a big hug and then stood up to give me one as well.
her smile faded until her lips were smashed into a thin line and her words came through gritted teeth.
if i have to go see those bitches, there will be trouble.
so work your fucking shit out.
got me.
yes maam.
braden straightened up on the couch.
she turned to me.
i like kyrie, easton.
i think she perfect for you.
but she owes you an explanation.
you have too much shit going on right now for her to be fucking with your mind.
she sighed.
so go talk to nikki and see what you can find out.
if that does not work, go stalk kyrie and do the shit you stage five pussy whipped clingers do.
i am going to nap.
kasey walked off toward her room, not without careening off the hallway walls first.
i turned to braden and grinned.
you okay.
he ran a hand up to his jaw.
she hits like a fucking freight train.
jesus.
i laughed.
i know.
you want me to tell you what is up.
i will.
no, let me go chat your woman up first.
if she spills, you will be off the hook.
and i am willing to guess she can not keep secrets for shit.
that is the truth.
braden stood up.
i gotta get going.
need to run an errand.
i will see you at practice.
i knocked on the door of nikki townhouse out in suburbia.
everything looked the same as far as i could see.
someone was grilling in their backyard, reminding me i had not eaten all day.
my stomach grumbled.
just a minute.
nikki sounded like she was upstairs.
id thought about calling her, but itd be easier for her to deny me the information over the phone if she wanted.
braden was running errands so i knew i would not be interrupting a fuck marathon.
coming.
the sound of footsteps grew louder before the door flew open.
she looked up at me and then dropped her head and moved to the side.
come on in.
she waved me through the door and toward her living room.
her decor mirrored her personality.
gaudy, bright colors, modern lines.
it suited her, and was not too bad.
just not my style.
we sat down and she smiled.
oh, i am sorry, easton.
you want something to drink.
her grin widened.
no, i am good.
there was a lull.
why are you smiling.
sorry, i am just glad you are here.
why.
two fold really.
see, it means you want to know why kyrie is ignoring your sorry ass.
and it also means my baby did not tell you why.
sorry ass.
what the hell.
i balled my hands into fists, but managed a calm voice.
i needed information from her, and escalating the conflict would not help me get it.
what did i do.
c amon easton.
you know what the fuck you did.
her grin was gone.
she stood and paced with her hands on her hips, her yoga pants sticking to her like a second skin.
i made more than a small effort to avoid looking at any possible camel toe situation.
because i was a gentleman, after all.
she alternated between glaring at me and looking out the window.
gonna sit there like you are all innocent.
my mouth fell open at the accusation in her tone.
i am so goddamn confused right now.
we went to my place.
i mean, things moved pretty fast but she was a willing participant.
then we went to the hospital and she acted like she cared about me and my sister.
then nothing.
my face reddened and i stood up, towering over nikki.
so much for staying calm.
what the fuck did i do, nikki.
what is her deal.
i am not going to sit here and be kept in the dark while people paint me as a fucking asshole.
she did not back down, only glared up at me.
look.
easton.
you are right, okay.
you are still a fucking dick.
but you deserve to know why.
and i am sorry.
i took some frustration out on you because she mad at me too for introducing the two of you.
so sit down.
we both sank onto the couch, each at separate ends.
a nervous feeling ripped through my body and landed in the pit of my stomach.
look, kyrie dated someone for a long long time and they were engaged.
she still is not over it, and they parted ways two years ago.
it was a bad split.
she inhaled a deep breath.
he was a baseball player.
still is, actually.
you guys play against him sometimes.
but he fed her full of all kinds of lies and manipulated her, while he was fucking anything he could put his dick inside on the road, in town, wherever.
who is it.
my skin was on fire.
fuck this guy.
i plotted his death in my mind.
no, no.
you are not getting his name out of me.
she twisted one of her rings around her finger, over and over.
her words still did not explain the cold shoulder.
wait.
okay, yeah.
so she had a bad relationship with a baseball player.
what does that have to do with me.
i am not him.
easton, do you ever google the name of the team you play for.
umm, no.
i stared at her like she was a funny looking bug.
why.
well, there are photos that come up when you do that.
what.
like pictures of the stadium.
i put my elbows on my knees and ran my hands down my cheeks.
i am so confused right now.
jesus christ, easton.
there are cleat chasers draped all over you.
chicks half naked, kissing you, grinding on you some of the pictures are less than a month old.
and if you scroll down the screen they just keep going.
i moved my face into my palms as i realized what it must have looked like.
sure, i liked to fuck a lot loved it to be honest.
but it never occurred to me all that would come back to bite me like this.
a chill ripped up my spine and i let out a long, exasperated sigh.
i know what that must look like to her.
but i was not in a relationship with anyone, let alone engaged to be married to someone.
i am not a piece of shit.
i was single.
that may be the case, but when kyrie saw those pics, all it did was dig those old wounds open.
she feels betrayed.
hurt.
like a fool.
she does not trust people easily.
sure, i wished i had not been careless and whored around.
but that was before i even met her.
and her shifting the title of asshole over to me when it should stay with her ex did not sit well, either.
i need to see her.
she owes me that much.
if id known i was going to meet her and was going to fa i stopped myself.
nikki face grew pink and her lips curled into a wry smile.
was going to like her and want something more than a fling, i would not have been messing around with all those women.
i mean hell, braden was right there with me.
and now he like a loyal puppy.
more loyal to you than me.
he would not tell me any of this shit, and i am his best friend.
but you do not hold all of his past over his head.
like i said, easton, you have a point.
but i did not get royally fucked over by a player.
you are right, it is not fair.
but it is reality.
i am sorry.
she shrugged.
can you talk to her.
get me through the door at least.
i ran a hand through my hair.
i will try, okay.
but i just do not know right now.
i am on her shit list, too.
you are not alone.
i have not heard from her since she saw the pictures and ordered me out of her office.
nikki looked away.
but i do not want you to get your hopes up.
she stubborn once she made a decision.
the fact she opened up to you at all was a damn miracle in itself.
i stood.
thanks, nikki.
you are welcome, sweetie.
good luck.
i really like the way you two look together, and she was so happy when she talked about you.
she had not been like that well, ever.
not even with you know who.
that last bit boosted my confidence a bit after nikki had practically ripped my heart out.
the challenge for me would be not blowing up for being charged with someone else crimes.
if i could manage that, i could get her back.
well, if she talked to me.
nikki led me out the front door, and we said our goodbyes.
i hopped in the truck and dialed kyrie number.
it went straight to voicemail.
shocker.
this is kyrie, leave me a message.
unless you are a player.
beep.
the end of her message had me stuttering like a buffoon.
um um, hey, it is me, again.
look, i get you do not want to talk to me, for whatever reason you have.
but i think i deserve more than being ignored.
if you need more time, that is fine.
but can you send me a text telling me when we can talk, so that i at least have something to hold onto.
i am dying over here.
my hand slipped and i hit a button.
there was a voice.
do you want to save this message or record a new one.
answer yes or no.
yes, wait which question am i responding to.
do you want to delete this message.
i was trying to leave a heartfelt message and maintain my thought process and this recording had me on the verge of blowing a gasket.
what the fuck.
no.
i am sorry, i did not understand that.
well open your goddamn ears then, motherfucker.
i am sorry.
i did not understand that.
look, douche.
i am trying to tell the woman i lo like, that i need to talk to her.
and you are saving message.
goodbye.
the line clicked dead.
i sat there with a blank stare, catching my eyes in the rear view mirror momentarily.
did my conversation with the machine just get tacked on to the end of that voicemail.
i tried to call again and it went straight to voicemail once more.
fuck.
i beat my phone on the dash, more times than i was proud of.
it may have been broken.
i did not check.
looking out at the road, i decided there was not anywhere to go but home.
i picked up my phone, and, fortunately, it still seemed to operate and the screen was crack free.
my personal photos whipped across the screen as i searched for the one i wanted, the one id snuck the first night i met her at the restaurant.
i had to see her somehow.
i sat for a moment and stared at her eyes, hair, and smile.
though i wanted to defend myself by telling her i had not done anything wrong, i knew that was not entirely true.
if i could take back all those meaningless nights full of even more meaningless hookups, i would.
but i could not.
i sighed and gave her another long look before turning the screen off and heading to my place.
kyrie i sat at my desk, my eyes going over the same sentence in the same email about fifty times, my brain registering nothing of what id read.
i kept seeing flashes of easton easygoing smile, his arm draped around this blonde or that brunette.
it was all so familiar a player getting as many notches on his bedpost as possible.
too familiar, really.
i forced myself to stare at tessa correspondence and actually comprehend what she was telling me.
flinging myself into my work had saved me last time my heart took a beating.
it could do the same again.
fuck.
i finally read the entirety of the email and wished i had not.
she wanted me to fly to l.a.
for an interview with the youngest daughter of some nightmare reality tv family known for sex tapes and plastic surgery.
when id signed up for teen sparkle, it was supposed to be a stepping stone.
with assignments like this, it was turning into an albatross hanging around my neck.
no publication would take me seriously if i kept writing pieces about flash in the pan hollywood wannabes.
i sighed and rested my chin on my hand.
my eyes wandered to the orange scone someone had set on my desk before id gotten to work this morning.
that someone being nikki.
she knew i was a sucker for carbs.
sliding the pastry over, i admitted defeat and took a bite.
it melted in my mouth, the orange glaze sweet and zesty on my tongue.
gotcha.
nikki leaned against my doorframe.
are you a baked goods ninja.
i asked through a mouthful of scone.
maybe.
she smiled and took another step inside, testing the waters.
i am going to put a bell around your neck if you keep that up.
but you can come in.
you are forgiven for introducing me to hot, sexy, baseball player scum.
just do not let it happen again.
i could not stay mad at her, especially not when id already devoured half of her peace offering.
about that i mean, i almost let him stick it in me.
all the way.
not just the damn tip.
i licked the glaze off my fingers and took a swig from my coffee cup emblazoned with the letters hbic, a gift from nikki, of course.
she took her usual spot on my desk, her sassy red skirt riding up to reveal some black thigh highs.
are you fucking someone in the office.
i pointed to the lacy edges of her garters.
no, this is for braden later.
he wanted to play naughty secretary.
i laughed and brushed the scone crumbs from my light pink top.
easton came to see me over the weekend.
i stopped brushing and my eyes rounded in surprise.
what.
he was desperate to find out why you will not take his calls.
i pressed my lips together, trying to hold in my anger.
and what did you tell him.
she pressed her palms down onto my desk and stared at her knees.
the truth.
that you were hurt before and that we saw the pictures of him being captain fuckaho.
go on.
i could not tell if i was angrier with easton or with her for talking about me behind my back.
he said those photos were taken months ago, long before he met you.
so.
i bit out.
is that supposed to prove something.
she looked at me through her lashes.
yes.
i think you know it does.
i searched for any recent photos of him.
there are none.
he has not been whoring around over the past week at all.
not since he met you.
one week does not prove anything, nikki.
she tapped her nails along my desk and seemed to be wrestling with what to say next.
her reticence made me fidget in my chair.
i have never known you to be at a loss for words.
out with it.
her gaze was frank as she lifted her face to mine, no more subterfuge.
do not take this the wrong way, but i do not think you are being fair.
i flinched, stung by her words.
why are you taking his side.
you know what happened with yes, i know, kyrie.
i was there, remember.
i held you night after night as you cried your heart out.
i was there every weekend with you, having netflix marathons and scouring celebrity gossip rags.
i was there.
remember.
god, i was such an asshole.
nikki was right.
shed always been there for me, always had my back.
she was my rock after the breakup, helping me sell my wedding dress and explain the situation to wedding invitees.
i could not have gotten through the humiliation or the hurt without her.
yes, i remember, i said quietly as my eyes watered.
i am your girl.
you know this.
so when i say you are not being fair, it is not without those considerations about the past, okay.
but i really think he deserves a shot.
he not the same as you know who.
i would not have hooked you up with him if i thought they were anywhere near the same.
she leaned over and squeezed my shoulder, her friendly brown eyes glittering with tears.
i love you.
but i think you are wrong about him, and i think you are going to regret passing him up.
that is all i wanted to say.
i love you, too.
i stood and hugged her.
jeez, i need implants, she said and pressed me harder against her.
i want braden to feel this every time i hug him.
grady, from the mailroom, walked past my door pushing his cart.
then he backed up and stared, a goofy grin overtaking his face as he watched the two of us embracing.
um, nikki, i whispered.
yeah, bestie with the chestie.
there a creeper on your six.
is it grady.
he pretended to put some mail in the cubicle across from my office.
the unoccupied cubicle.
yeah.
squeeze my ass.
give him something to dream about.
seriously.
do it, she urged into my ear.
fine.
i reached down and squeezed her butt.
grady eyes widened and he hurried away, his dick likely pushing the cart for him.
he gone.
i pulled away from her and shook my head.
you are insane.
you loved it, slut.
she gave me a peck on the cheek and hopped off my desk.
i will see you later.
i need to work on my article for the next edition.
oh, no.
what did tessa assign you this time.
this one may be my all time fave assignment.
it is supposed to be about the new cultural norm of girl on girl action amongst teens.
i sank into my chair and cocked my head to the side.
i am pretty sure our readers parents will not find that to be a cultural norm.
she laughed.
i told tessa it was all the rage.
she believed me.
so now i am thinking of calling my piece dancing the clitterbug.
you like it.
i pinched the bridge of my nose.
out, you beautiful, insane woman, you.
i have a baseball player to apologize to.
hop on down the bunny trail.
i will let you know how it goes.
tell easton i said hi.
she blew me a kiss and disappeared out my door.
i reached for my cell phone, but my desk phone rang before i could pick it up.
the number popped up on my phone digital screen, and i recognized it.
style and substance.
i squealed and then forced myself to affect a nonchalant tone.
hello, this is kyrie.
please hold for ms.
froggart, a woman voice chirped into my ear before the line went silent.
i shot up, stretching my phone cord to a perilous degree, and slammed my door closed.
once i sat back down, the line clicked.
ms.
kent.
a woman voice, thin and high.
graciela froggart, the editor in chief of style and substance.
this is she.
i tried to keep my tone even, despite my ears getting hot and my hands turning cold as ice.
nerves.
i am calling about your resume and writing samples.
i will just cut to the chase.
your resume is perfect, your credentials spot on, and your last piece on this pop sensation justin what is his name was mechanically excellent.
my heart swelled at her words, but it was tempered by the feeling that a but would be located at the end of her sentence.
right on cue, she added, but, your writings lack a certain je ne sais quoi.
her french was heavily accented, probably perfect, and i was totally screwed.
i am not sure what she continued as if i had not spoken.
though i was not impressed with the heart of your writing thus far, i see talent.
i want talent on my team.
but, a diamond in the rough is still rough and nowhere near as valuable as a polished, glittering gem.
do you understand what i am saying.
maybe.
yes.
good.
i expect a new, multifaceted piece from you within two weeks.
thank you the line went dead.
i dropped the phone into the cradle and stuffed my freezing hands under my arms.
i turned her words over in my mind like a coin heart, multifaceted piece.
the justin piece, and all my other pieces for teen sparkle were mostly fluff, but i never thought they lacked heart.
then again, i had not taken the fluff pieces seriously, only doing what i needed to in order to please tessa.
god.
i pulled out my hands and covered my face.
had i sabotaged myself by dreaming at the style and substance level but not following through at the teen sparkle level.
i already knew the answer.
yes.
i sat for several minutes, running through my options.
i did not have many, and i was certain an article on the reality tv stars of l.a.
id been assigned was not going to pass muster with graciela froggart.
i would need to write something else, something that would catch her interest.
all i had to do was figure out what that something else was.
i took a deep breath and picked up my cell phone.
i needed time to think about how to impress graciela, but there was something i could do right then that would smooth over another area of my life.
i ran my thumbs along the screen.
i am sorry for judging you the way i did.
can i make it up to you with dinner at sal antonio.
tonight.
meet you there at eight.
after i hit send, i rested my chin on my crossed forearms and stared at my phone.
easton was probably at practice.
maybe he was doing laundry.
perhaps he was with his sister at a doctor appointment, or saving orphans, or putting out a fire on a school bus doing anything but ignoring my text the way id been ignoring his.
my phone pinged and i snatched it up, but it was only a message from nikki asking if id talked to him yet.
disappointed, i texted her back in the negative and put my phone back into the staring at it like a psycho position.
minutes ticked by and i sat up, resigned to do some work for the day, though i glanced to my phone every few seconds.
i had to set up my travel plans to the west coast.
i logged into my travel account and was checking flight information when the ping sounded again.
my heart leapt into my throat as i grabbed my phone and swiped across the screen.
a message from easton.
see you at.
it was not a lot, but it was something, and i would take it.
i called over to nikki office.
i am meeting him at eight.
what should i wear.
something from my closet.
something red.
something i might be able to fit something from your closet around one of my legs.
try again.
always rubbing those big tits in my face, are not you.
hang on.
i am going to write that line down for my clitterbug piece.
nikki.
this is serious, i hissed.
she popped her gum in my ear.
okay then, miss serious.
i have an idea.
oh no.
that is never a good thing.
this time it is.
we will go shopping and find the perfect dress.
i will swing by your office at four, and we will sneak out.
i do not know if that is a good idea.
i examined the long list of unread emails in my inbox.
do not worry.
i will tell tessa we are going to interview some teen trysexuals.
what the hell is a trysexual.
is not it obvious.
she made a pfft noise.
a girl who will try anything once.
where the hell do you even come up with this stuff.
i was genuinely amazed at her abilities.
i have a very particular set of skills.
she gave her best liam neeson imitation accent and all.
i will see you at four.
i do not know who you are.
i do not know what you want.
but i will find you.
and i will lick you.
click.
i snorted.
nikki.
yeah.
when you say click, it does not really have the same flair as if youd actually hung up the ph click.
she probably heard my laughter from across the office.
easton fuck yes.
i read kyrie text at least four times in a row.
hey man, are not you right here, son.
i held my fist out for the kid at the drive thru window.
someone needed to celebrate this shit with me.
he grinned wide and gave me a fist bump.
you are easton holliday, right.
my food rattled around in the paper bag because his hand was shaking so damn much.
yeah man.
hey, question.
so this chick has been ignoring me because well, not to get too specific, but she found out i used to kind of play the field if you know what i mean.
she blew me off for days and not in a good way.
she finally texted me and said shed go on a date.
what should i say to her.
i took my drink and bag of food before he strangled it to death, then stared back at him.
umm he paused for a good ten seconds.
a car honked behind me.
i leaned out the window.
hey, i got serious shit going on up here.
wait a minute.
i turned back to the kid.
id never felt this way in my life and i did not want to fuck it up.
well.
seems like, maybe you should umm, send her something so you at least set the date.
right.
yes.
yes.
that is good.
i nodded.
another horn honked, longer this time.
i stuck my head out the window once more.
look bitch, i will get you free tickets to the game thursday.
just call the front office and tell them you are the asshole with the horn.
they will be waiting at will call.
seems like maybe you should, i do not know, say the bare minimum until you know exactly what you want to tell her.
he looked like he might faint.
you are a pretty sharp kid.
i like it.
thanks, man.
no problem, mr.
holliday, sir.
huge fan.
i am sure i will tell this story the rest of my life.
but, i think these people are going to murder us if you do not let them get their food.
he motioned to the line now wrapping around the building.
got it, chief.
you want tickets to the game thursday.
hell yes.
what is your name.
mitch mitchell.
hah.
seriously.
yes sir.
you a drummer.
no.
but nobody ever catches on to that.
the kid grinned again and a horn went off.
fuckers.
anyway, they will be at will call, mitch.
i will try and come say hi after.
i sped off before the fast food line turned into a steel cage match.
picking up my phone, i swiped the screen and read her message one more time.
a tingling sensation radiated from my face and ended in my stomach.
say the bare minimum.
just like mitch told you.
mitch is wise.
see you at.
all at once, my predicament hit me.
what am i going to wear.
what am i going to say.
i knew the conversation would not be light and flirty.
kyrie would ask me tough questions and want reasonable explanations.
i need kasey.
despite the fact that my sister told filthier jokes than andrew dice clay, underneath her layers was a real girl, and i needed her to channel that bitch as soon as possible to provide me with some sage advice.
look easton, if she starts hassling you about your past, just lick on her clit a little.
it is the easiest way out of a difficult conversation.
she stood in the middle of my bedroom while i rifled through my closet like a mad man and searched for something to wear.
will you quit fucking around.
i am serious.
i need girl kasey.
not bro kasey.
i grabbed a long sleeved light blue button down and stared at it, then slung it against the wall of my closet.
not good enough.
it fell into a pile of at least ten other shirts still on hangers.
fine, asshole.
make me be a chick.
you owe me one, buddy.
she tapped her chin.
what would a girl that loves baseball dick now, but used to hate it, but loved it before she hated it what would she want.
she shook her head.
it is a toughie.
shirts flew against the wall faster every time kasey spoke, and i was starting to sweat.
you are out of control, big bro.
you need to relax.
i will not mention an asian massage parlor, because i am being a lady of manners right now.
but the first thing id do if i was you was release some of that tension.
you really want to make a jerk off motion with your hand right now, do not you.
can i.
please.
she begged.
no.
i shook my head and grinned.
her hand trembled in anticipation against her leg.
such a dick.
she frowned.
fine.
go on.
i could not even get the words before she jerked off in the air and threw the imaginary semen at me like shed puffed a jizz cloud.
god, if i had a dick i would beat off non stop.
id slap stuff with it all the time.
sneak up on people and rest it on their shoulder like it was business as usual.
and coming on titties.
fuck.
id do just about anything to jackson pollock a pair of flop rockets.
that is the dream right there.
jesus christ, kasey.
focus.
okay, okay.
i am a girl.
i am kyrie, what do i want.
she folded her arms.
i want honesty.
i am a straight shooter, no bullshit.
if i am kyrie, i gather information and then make informed decisions after looking at it from all angles.
that is actually helpful.
i stopped rummaging for an outfit.
thanks for acting all surprised, prick.
kasey ran a finger over my entertainment center and inspected it.
she was a neat freak.
well, she was when she was not fucked up on pain pills.
you know i did not mean it like that.
wait.
kasey eyes glanced up to the ceiling and then back to me.
what.
well, it is just, i am also an editor.
that means i am all literary and artsy and shit.
not to mention we are delving into the realms of love and feels.
she made a gagging noise.
i glared at her.
sorry.
i am still getting into character.
it is a process.
she was not really all that rational using her past experience to judge you.
look, easton.
do you like this girl.
do you want a relationship with her.
these are the clinger questions you need to ask yourself.
easy.
yes and yes.
i fumbled through shoes.
maybe if i picked out the right pair of shoes itd help me choose the rest of my outfit.
i grabbed a pair and looked at kasey.
those say i want to let braden fuck me tonight.
throw them away.
she chortled at her joke.
dating is hard.
i ran a hand through my hair.
easton.
kasey stared at me.
i glanced back at her.
yeah.
do you love her.
i looked away far too quickly.
tell her the truth then.
i walked over and hugged kasey, despite her protest.
she patted me awkwardly on the back.
thanks, i whispered.
yeah yeah.
as much as i love watching you sweat like a bitch, let is find you something to wear.
that light blue shirt would have been great, but now it is in a pile.
good thing you own like five of them, you fucking woman.
she sidestepped the pile of clothes id hurled into the floor and handed me a pair of medium gray slacks, another light blue button down, and a navy blazer.
thanks again.
she waved a flippant hand in the air and walked toward the door.
hey kase.
she stopped in the doorway.
yeah.
you gonna be here tonight.
in case, well i will make myself scarce, no worries.
get your dick wet, kid.
she disappeared into the hall.
sal antonio sat off a main thoroughfare in the middle of downtown a few blocks from the stadium.
the place was abuzz as i drove past and turned into the parking lot.
the architecture in this part of town was over a hundred years old and full of character.
red brick walls and large glass windows framed the entrances of the buildings.
crowds of people surged down both sides of the street.
i stood head and shoulders above most of them and worked my way toward the front of the restaurant.
a few heads turned, staring at me.
whispers faded when they passed, and the smell of fresh roasted garlic and basil wafted past my nose.
a large set of wooden double doors graced the entrance, and sal antonio was chiseled in the granite overhead.
when i walked through, my shoes squeaked on the white marble floors as i strode toward the host stand.
a short man with dark hair in a sharp looking suit rounded the corner and froze, then walked over to greet me.
mr.
holliday, pleasure to have you here, sir.
my son is a huge fan.
he held out a hand.
i returned his gesture.
thanks, i have a reservation for eight.
should be under easton or kyrie.
excellent, sir.
he walked behind the podium where a young girl stood and talked to people on a headset while sorting menus.
he looked back up to me.
yes, i have you right here.
glancing around, i noticed a huge bar with granite countertops off to the left in the shape of a horseshoe.
white linens ran to the floor of all the tables with unlit candles in the middle.
crystal wine glasses and fine silverware rounded out each place setting.
the high ceilings arched up to form a dome in the center and were painted with murals that looked like something from the sistine chapel.
follow me, mr.
holliday.
you are a little early but i have a spot for you.
he gave me a slight nudge.
i put you back in the corner to try and give you some privacy.
i appreciate that.
this is an important dinner.
i tugged at my collar while people glanced as we passed.
i will make sure you are taken care of.
if you have problems, just ask for sal.
he beamed with pride at the sound of his name.
oh, this is your place.
yes, sir.
i have never been, but i have been meaning to try it out.
it is really nice.
thank you, sir.
ah, here we are.
he waved an arm to display the table.
it was still fairly close to the others, but was definitely the most secluded in the place that i could see.
it looks great.
thanks, sal.
i took a seat as he placed a menu in front of me and one for kyrie across the table.
hey, i am meeting someone i realized he must have known that since he put an extra menu down.
i will take care of it, mr.
holliday.
he picked up the unlit glass candle, pulled a fancy lighter from his pocket, and made a show of lighting it.
he set it back down in the middle.
you prefer privacy during your dinner, right sir.
yes, please.
i will instruct marco to keep his distance unless you call him over.
he my best server.
that would be awesome.
my pleasure.
enjoy your meal, mr.
holliday.
he turned on his heel and started to walk off.
hey, sal.
sal whipped back around and stood at attention.
yes sir.
you said your son a fan.
what is his name.
sal junior, sir.
short for salvatore.
i pulled a baseball card from my pocket and a pen.
they always came in handy, and i hated not having something to sign any time a kid walked up and asked for an autograph.
it was my dad suggestion, though it was not really a suggestion at all.
do not you forget where you came from and how you idolized your favorite players, hed always say.
i did not know how the fuck to spell salvatore so i scribbled to sal, all the best, easton holliday.
will you give this to him for me.
i held out the card.
sal took the card and shook my hand once more.
thank you again, mr.
holliday.
he will love this.
no problem.
and call me easton, please.
i stuck the pen back in my pocket.
yes sir, mr.
easton.
he turned and strode away.
i chuckled then glanced to my phone.
it was p.m.
each second that ticked away left my palms sweatier than the last.
waiting like this was what i did for a living in the bullpen, but waiting for kyrie was a whole different ballgame.
from the table, i had a decent view to the front of the restaurant.
time seemed to crawl as eight approached, and the seconds seemed like hours.
marco brought me a glass of water and i took a sip.
eight passed, and my stomach was officially twisted in knots.
my plan was to take a sip of water before she got to the table, so it seemed like that was why my hands were clammy.
good one, easton.
when i glanced to my phone and it read p.m., my leg grew restless under the table.
sweat beads formed on my forehead, and i peeled off my blazer and started to drape it over the back of my chair when marco swooped in out of nowhere and took it for me.
at seven past eight i rolled my sleeves halfway up my forearms.
the whole time i kept my eyes trained on the door, only straying to check the time.
my fingers drummed on the table, loud enough that i caught someone staring and stopped.
ten after eight and panic started to rise in me.
i had no new messages and kyrie was always punctual.
i should have sent her a longer message.
i am going to kill that fucking dick bag from the drive thru.
i heard a ruckus up front as a crowd of people showed up and i could not see a thing.
fuck.
i fought the urge to scream at them to get out of the way.
sal walked over and chatted with someone in the middle of the pack.
it must have been a large party of some kind.
there was a section of tables across the restaurant pushed together that sat empty.
sal disappeared into the crowd and then quickly reappeared at the front.
he glanced over to me and winked, then ushered the large group over toward the tables.
why was he winking at me.
i figured it was just him being friendly.
as they cleared, i caught glimpse of a pair of robin egg blue heels, attached to a pair of long legs.
i moved my gaze up to her light yellow summer dress wrapped in a white cardigan.
then i saw kyrie face as she craned her neck and scanned the room.
my breath hitched and all the heat in my face was replaced with a strange tingling sensation.
sal bolted back to the entrance and greeted her, smiled, and then nodded over to our table.
i started to raise my hand to wave, and stopped halfway, afraid i might be sporting some full moon pit stains.
she followed sal, her green eyes locked onto mine, brown hair curled in long waves that bounced around her shoulders.
when they made it halfway to the table i stood and got a new view of the most beautiful woman id ever seen.
her smile was electric, shocking all my senses at once and i noticed she was not wearing near as much makeup as the first time we met.
she was perfect.
mr.
easton, this lady says she here to meet you.
if she had not told me that i might have tried to have dinner with her myself.
i appreciate your self control, sal.
you are a stand up guy.
i did not move my eyes from her face, and i never wanted to.
sal pulled out kyrie chair as we stood in front of one another.
enjoy your meal, mr.
easton.
he smiled and walked away at a brisk pace.
she stood a few feet away and stared, a shy grin fixed on her face.
hi.
she gave a slight shrug.
hi.
i could not stop staring at her.
it was like a dream i sometimes had where i was frozen stiff, unable to move or speak.
finally, i broke out of my trance.
you want to sit down.
i motioned to the table.
we probably should.
she started to twirl one of her long curls around her finger and stopped herself.
i nodded at marco as we sat.
he brought over a bottle of wine id already picked out.
i do not know if i should drink, easton.
remember last time.
fuck.
i should have consulted kase on the wine situation.
i waved marco back over.
what are you doing.
i am not ready to order.
her head canted slightly.
i am having him throw the wine out.
her hand went to the bottle before marco could take it away.
let is not be hasty.
i said i did not know if i should.
she grinned.
okay.
marco left the bottle on the table.
sorry to run you back and forth, marco.
false alarm.
it is not a problem, sir.
he walked back toward the kitchen.
so.
i locked on to kyrie face and examined all the details of her pink lips, glowing cheeks, exposed neck.
her tits were pushed up slightly in the dress and it was cut just low enough to make my dick grow against my zipper.
i tried not to stare.
sorry about the short reply after all my texts and voicemails.
it kind of worried me.
i know.
i just you had agreed to give me a chance, and i i did not want to screw it up before i got to see you.
i did not want to say the wrong thing.
she exhaled a huge sigh.
i thought id waited too long and you were only agreeing to meet with me so you could tell me to kick rocks.
i could not even process the thought of telling her i never wanted to see her again.
my mouth was incapable of uttering those words.
i could never do that, kyrie.
ever since i first saw you you are all i think about when i am not with you.
i brushed my palms down my slacks.
her face turned a light pink and her lips started to curl up at the corners.
then it ceased.
easton, i am sorry for not being fair to you.
i truly am.
and i am sure you got more information than you needed out of nikki, because she loves you to death.
but oh no.
i braced for her words to cut me, deep.
those pictures, and all the girls.
it still does not sit well.
that is not your fault, and maybe i just need some time to get past it.
but i was engaged to a baseball player for the ravens.
he was traded, but not before he broke my heart.
she looked down at her empty plate, the first time shed broken eye contact with me.
i am sorry.
what else could i say.
i planned to find out who the guy was, gut him, and impale him on the foul pole for the world to see.
but i could not tell kyrie that.
you did not deserve to be treated that way.
i was not going to press her for his name.
not yet.
it is fine, easton.
i thought i was hung up on the guy still.
but nik helped me realize, that, well, i was over him when i saw you.
my heart sped faster with each word she spoke.
i reached out for her hands and held them on each side of the candle.
i promise, i was just single and being a dumb kid in those photos.
it was stupid to be so careless, i realize that now.
but, i never expected to meet you.
i caressed her warm skin with my thumbs, back and forth as she leaned in closer over the table, my words drawing her nearer to me.
her tits strained slightly against the neckline of her dress and my hands on her skin had my cock threatening to burst out of my pants.
i am sorry, easton.
i i swore off of baseball players after that.
hated them in fact.
but you are changing my mind.
slowly but surely.
i put my elbows on the table and leaned on them, then lifted her left hand up, kissed the back of it, and pressed it to my cheek.
her eyes shut for a moment, and i hoped she felt the same bit of euphoria i did whenever we touched.
her eyes slowly opened, and she batted her eyelashes.
kyrie.
my voice was raspy, full of more emotion than i even knew i had.
yeah.
i just want to be with you.
she flipped her palm over and slid it up my cheek and then back down, holding my gaze.
then take me.
i am yours.
kyrie my back slammed into the wall next to easton apartment door.
his hands roved my body, his mouth crushing mine in a kiss that seared a trail down my body to my pussy.
fuck.
he gripped my wrists and pinned them to the wall next to my head, his mouth tracing down my neck as he wedged his knee between my thighs.
biting my throat, he began to rub his thigh against my pussy, making me moan loud and low.
easton, your neighbors.
i gasped as he squeezed my wrists harder and kissed to the swells of my breasts.
fuck the neighbors.
he licked the top of the left one, and i arched my back from the wall.
i closed my eyes as he licked the other breast before darting his tongue between them.
all the while, he worked my pussy with his leg until i could not help but to grind on him, the need building to a fever pitch.
when he ran his teeth across my hard nipple through the fabric of my dress, i cried out.
he released one wrist and clapped his hand over my mouth as he bit down harder.
i moaned into his palm and writhed against his leg.
moving to my other breast, he teased at my nipple, his mouth wetting my dress and his teeth clamping down as i became a slave to every sensation he sent careening through me.
he pulled back and stared into my eyes, his cheeks flushed and his eyes half hooded.
his brown hair shot up every which way thanks to me running my hands through it during our make out session in his truck.
he looked like sex.
a tingle shot down my spine.
he caged my throat with one hand as he dug in his pocket with the other.
it was odd, possessive, and made my panties combust.
ramming his key into the lock, he turned it with a quick movement and gripped my forearm pulling me inside.
he slammed the door behind us and ran his hands to my ass, lifting me and pressing my back into the door.
his hard cock rubbed against my pussy, and i let out a cry of surprise when he grabbed a fistful of my hair and yanked my head to the side.
my heels tumbled to the floor, the only sound in the apartment other than our breath and our bodies.
his mouth on my neck had me clawing at his thick shoulders, but he did not let up, only kissed and sucked until all i could think about was him inside me.
he moved his hips against me, his cock stroking me as his mouth mastered every inch of bare flesh on my neck and chest.
i need this off.
now.
he stood me up and started pulling at the hem of my dress.
i shed my cardigan and tossed it onto his couch as he pulled my dress up.
i held up my arms and he peeled it off me.
i only wore a pair of lacy white panties underneath.
jesus.
his hands went back to my ass, and he lifted me so i straddled him as he strode down the hallway toward his bedroom.
i could not get enough of his mouth, his tongue wicked with each stroke and tease.
he set me down on his bed.
i did not even glance around.
i could not take my eyes off him.
he made quick work of his button down, tossing it the floor.
his muscles were well defined, his upper arms thick and his abs rippling.
i licked my lips and let my gaze fall to the bulge in his pants.
i want to see it.
you will do more than see it, kyrie.
he unbuckled his belt, undid the clasp, and pulled down his zipper.
he shucked his pants and stood, his cock thick and long, the tip straining up toward his stomach.
get on your knees.
i stared up at him.
i had not done this in a long time, and id never had so much to work with.
even so, my pussy grew even wetter at the sight of his hard length.
i am not sure kyrie.
he reached out and grabbed my left hand before placing it on his shaft.
i instinctively squeezed, and his hips surged toward me.
i need your mouth on me.
so get on your knees.
his words were a rasp, deep and gravelly as his eyes held me captive.
no one had ever taken control like this, and it excited me to an alarming degree.
i slid down to my knees, my hand still around him.
that is it.
he ran his fingers through my hair and clenched close to my scalp, little tingles of pain radiating through me and making my pussy ache.
i tilted my head like i was staring at a too big ice cream cone and could not quite figure out how to eat the whole thing.
i moved closer and exhaled on his head.
he gripped me tighter, so i pulled it all the way down to my mouth, licking the head while staring up at him to gauge his reaction.
fuck.
his head fell back.
a slight salty taste had me licking him again.
his hips jerked toward my mouth, so i opened and took him in, sliding his head along my tongue.
that is it.
he pulled me closer, pushing his cock deeper in my mouth as i licked along the underside of his shaft.
emboldened by his response, i began nodding my head, rubbing the tip of his cock along the roof of my mouth with steadily increasing pressure.
his hips moved to my pace until he was fucking my face, his hands tangled in my hair as he groaned and stared down at me.
my pussy pulsed with my heartbeat, and i desperately wanted to feel him against me, inside me.
so good, kyrie.
your mouth, jesus.
he moved his hips away and, in one smooth movement, gripped me under my arms and tossed me on the bed.
he crawled on top of me, running his tongue from my navel to my breast, before getting on his knees between my thighs.
i hope you did not like these.
he gripped my panties on either side and ripped, the fabric tearing easily under his hands.
easton.
i bit my lip as i took in his amazing body.
but it had always been his eyes that captivated me the most.
the blue seemed even deeper now, the sparkle devilish.
he ran his hands along the outsides of my breasts, down the soft curve of my sides to my waist and then to the flare of my hips.
fucking perfect.
when his eyes stopped on my pussy, i squirmed.
placing his hands on the inside of my thighs he spread me wider, until i was completely open to him, vulnerable.
he bent his head down to my pussy, his breath an exquisite tease along my hot flesh.
tell me what you want.
he smoothed his hands up my stomach to my breasts, palming them and running his thumbs over my nipples.
what do you want me to do to this sweet pussy.
mmm.
i lifted my hips to him, but he backed away.
tease.
i want to hear you say it.
his breath was maddening.
i want you to lick me, i said on a pant.
he gave me one long, slow lick from entrance to clit as he squeezed my breasts.
i moaned and ran my fingers through his hair.
but then he stopped.
tell me what you really want me to do to you.
his eyes locked onto mine.
i pulled his hair and tried to lift my hips again, but he held steady.
his thumbs moved back and forth over my nipples, sending an electric current from them to my pussy.
oh, god, easton, i i want you to eat my pussy.
fuck me.
make me come.
just, please my plea ended on a moan as he dove down, fastening his lips around my clit and sucking as his tongue flicked.
my hips made small movements, grinding my pussy into his face as he groaned and concentrated on that one bundle of nerves that called all the shots.
i tensed, my legs spreading even wider as my orgasm approached faster than one of easton pitches.
he moved his hands so that he pinched my nipples between his thumb and index finger.
he bore down hard.
it should have hurt.
instead, it shot me higher and my body clenched.
my clit exploded in sparks of pleasure as i gasped and arched my back.
my orgasm came in waves, my pussy squeezing and my entire body tensing as the bliss washed over me again and again.
i moaned, a desperate sound that rolled along with the rise and fall of each surge of release.
when i finally relaxed into the bed, i was covered in a fine sheen of sweat.
he kissed my pussy before climbing on top of me.
i was boneless, destroyed by his mouth, the same one he now pressed to mine.
i tasted myself on him as he licked my lips and caressed my tongue, his hunger palpable.
his cock was rock hard against my swollen flesh, and i rocked my hips against him, wanting him deep inside.
he pulled back and placed his hands on my cheeks, just staring down at me.
you are so beautiful it almost hurts to look at you.
my heart, the same one id kept under lock and key for so long, was out of its cage and in grave danger of getting snagged by this man.
and, instead of fear, i felt free.
i craned my head up and kissed him, gently at first and then more desperately.
running my hands to his ass, i dug my nails in.
you ready.
he said against my mouth.
yes.
i will try and go easy.
he rested his forehead on mine.
do not.
i want all of you.
i need it.
he moved his hips down so his tip was at my entrance.
you are sure.
i have never been more sure.
i held his eyes as he pushed inside me.
a quick sting of pain at the sudden intrusion and then pleasure as he eased inside my slick walls.
i wrapped my hands around his neck, clinging to him as he pulled out and then pushed the rest of the way inside me.
he groaned and dropped his head into the crook of my neck.
you are like a fucking vise.
he pulled out and shoved in faster.
fuck.
are you okay.
i am fine.
i was more than fine.
i moved my hips, sliding back and forth on his cock.
do not hold back.
i will not.
he gripped my hair and started a hard rhythm, his hips slapping my thighs as he sucked on my jugular.
i held onto him, digging my nails into his back as each thrust hit my spot.
the bed shook and my moans grew louder.
he moved one arm under my back and wrapped his fingers around my shoulder, pulling me down onto his cock with each intense stroke.
i dug my heels into his lower back, feeling every bit of friction from his body as he surged inside me.
i have to see you.
he sat back on his knees and gripped my hips, lifting me to him as his eyes devoured my body.
my breasts shook with his thrusts and i gripped his duvet.
the slapping sound of skin on skin only turned me on more, along with his grunts.
his eyes lingered at where our bodies joined and he slowed, pulling out to his tip and then sliding in.
do not stop.
this is so fucking hot, watching you take every inch.
he pulled out again and eased inside.
harder, i begged.
harder.
he smirked.
yes.
he licked his thumb and pressed it to my clit as he restarted his punishing pace.
you like it rough, baby.
yes.
i reached up and braced myself against the wood headboard.
he gripped one of my legs behind my knee and opened me wider.
swirling his thumb around my clit, he locked his eyes on mine.
easton.
i could not catch my breath.
he pressed harder on my clit, dragging his thumb back and forth across it as he watched me, measuring every reaction.
oh, god, i am close.
my pussy tightened around him, my walls trying to hold him prisoner.
that is right.
come on my dick.
his command sent me to a whole new level of hot.
please come.
on.
my.
dick.
he emphasized each word with increasingly harder thrusts.
i stretched my arms, locking them against the headboard, until i was shoving down onto his cock even more.
he dug his fingers into my thigh.
fucking hell.
now come for me.
dirty talk was my weakness.
my eyes rolled back in my head and i came in a rush.
easton turned me into a screamer, because all i could do was cry his name as my body stiffened and my pussy spasmed around his cock.
he kept fucking me in short, strong movements, but he groaned and tensed.
fuck, kyrie.
i can not he pulled out as my orgasm began to subside.
i looked down as he gripped his cock and shot hot streaks of come all over my pussy and stomach.
i could finally breathe again and my lower back made contact with the bed.
his cock pulsed a few more times and then he let out a labored breath.
goddamn.
he grinned up at me, his hair stuck to his sweaty forehead.
you okay.
i am perfect.
he leaned over and kissed me.
i know you are.
then he got up and hurried to the bathroom before coming back and cleaning me up.
i shook my wrists out as he slid into bed.
hurt.
he took my hands and turned them over, kissing the insides of my wrists.
i have wraps and all kinds of stuff.
he moved to get up but i grabbed his arm.
i am fine.
i just tensed when i when you came.
he flashed a smile and lay on his back, pulling me into his side.
yeah.
so you are shy now, but you loved it when you were coming on my cock and screaming my name.
my cheeks heated, and i tried to push away from him.
no, it is hot.
i love it.
he kissed my forehead and pulled me in closer so i rested my head on his chest.
i listened to the steady thump of his heart, smelled his skin, felt the hard ridges of his abs.
my eyes began to drift closed.
but what if he did not want me to stay.
the thought was mortifying.
i should go.
i hated the words as they rolled off my tongue.
his arm flexed against my back.
no, you should not.
i have work in the morning.
you are not going anywhere.
this is where you stay.
he nuzzled into my hair.
please.
i sighed.
no one could resist his post sex voice, not when he was asking so sweetly.
okay, but i have to be up by seven.
i have work.
seven, right.
got it.
his voice softened and he relaxed his arm.
i mean it.
right.
he kissed my forehead again and grabbed his phone.
i watched as he set an alarm with one hand.
he set it for six and tossed it back to his nightstand.
i said seven.
i know.
that extra hour is for my breakfast in bed.
he smirked.
good news for you.
all you have to do is spread your legs.
a tingle went up my spine at his words.
i sputtered and tried to turn and glare at him.
but he kept me pressed against his chest.
easton.
i nipped at his skin and he laughed.
what.
his voice was a deep rumble against my ear.
nothing.
i settled back against him, a smile stealing across my lips.
see you at six.
kyrie i have to go.
i laughed and tried dash out of bed.
he caught me and tossed me back down before crawling on top of me and stealing my breath away with one of his amazing kisses.
wed been doing this for almost a week.
id meet him after work or after a game, wed eat, then wed wear each other out in bed.
id only slept alone two of the past five nights, and that was because easton had to travel one state over to play.
wed still skyped, and i got a thrill out of doing exactly what he told me, touching myself and imagining it was him.
now that he was back, we could not get enough of each other.
just stay for a little while longer.
i want to see if i can make you reach that really high pitch again, the one that almost breaks glass.
i ran my fingers through his hair and grinned at him.
i was faking it.
he arched his brows.
yeah.
i schooled my face into the most serious expression i had.
yep.
every time.
totally faking.
even that time when i ate your pussy in the bathroom at sal and your legs shook so bad i had to hold you up.
heat rushed through me at the memory of him kneeling, one of my legs over his shoulder and his tongue buried inside me.
yeah, totally a put on.
you fell for it.
i bet you feel foolish as all hell right no he claimed my mouth again and surged forward with his hips, his hard cock rubbing against my clit.
i broke the kiss and tried to wriggle out from under him.
i can not, not again.
i am going to be late and walking like i belong at the ok corral.
you should not be late.
i did not blow inside you.
he smirked and pinned my wrists above me.
oh yeah, yeah i did.
lots of times.
thank god for the pill.
you are such a dick.
he angled his cock at my entrance.
you want my dick.
that is what i heard.
easton he plunged inside me and i moaned at the burst of pressure and heat.
did i mishear you.
he nibbled at my neck as he fucked me in a casual rhythm.
yes, i breathed even as tension coiled in my stomach.
he bit and then sucked the spot where my shoulder and neck meet, all the while speeding his pace.
you sure i misheard.
he laughed against my skin.
tell the truth.
he stayed deep inside me, pulsing his body against mine to get the perfect friction on my clit.
he already knew what i liked, what my body needed.
so, did i mishear.
i bit my lip as he kissed down to my breast.
no.
did not think so.
he let go of my wrists and ran one arm under my back, lifting me slightly and leveraging me into his strokes.
i clawed at his back and wrapped my legs around him, keeping him deep and hitting all the right spots.
my tension ramped up as he moved his forearm down to my lower back, arching me into him as he took one of my nipples into his mouth.
pressing my feet into his calves, i worked with his deep, steady pace, lifting my hips to the rhythm.
the movement pushed me closer to the edge.
grind on me, baby.
fuck, i love it when you do that.
his voice was just as big of a turn on as his body, masculine and rough.
my hips made smaller and smaller movements as he concentrated his strokes on hitting my spot.
easton, i am going to come.
it was a breathy whisper.
i want to feel it.
milk my cock with your tight pussy.
his dirty words sent me plummeting into my orgasm.
as soon as i started to come, he began thrusting harder, his cock rock hard and squeezing between my slick walls.
i cooed his name on a loop as he pressed his forehead to mine.
fuck, he bit out and kissed me hard as his hips slowed into deep, steady thrusts and he groaned his climax into my mouth.
he thrusted a few more times before breaking our kiss and taking in a gulp of air.
i pushed the longer strands of hair off his forehead and stared into his deep blue eyes.
a grin spread across his handsome face, the dimples making an appearance.
now you can go to work.
so, what is your plan.
nikki stripped her skirt and top off, opting for a baby tee in team colors and shorts so tight they may have been criminal.
i am not sure.
i do not know what to write about.
i mean, i know graciela does not want what i usually write for teen sparkle.
i started a piece on the shift from the structural look of last winter to the more whimsical feel of the most recent shows, but it is not good enough.
i need to go to an actual runway show to really get the heart of that idea.
so i chunked it.
i dug around in my drawers, looking for my light pink eyelet skirt.
i found it and pulled it out before shimmying it up to my hips.
the hem fell right above my knees, and i paired it with some wedges and a white v neck top.
what are you going to do.
nikki walked into my bathroom and helped herself to my makeup.
maybe you could write about something other than specific fashions.
they have that gossip column in the back, sometimes they have ridiculous sex stories, and then their little love and relationship articles.
what about something more human interest like those.
she poked herself in the eye with my mascara.
fuck.
that stings.
i laughed before joining her in the mirror and freshening up.
it will come to me.
instead of spending my days at work actually working, id been racking my brain trying to figure out what sort of piece i needed to impress graciela.
i did not have the luxury of time, but i did not want to go down the wrong path and wind up turning in something that got me nowhere.
i took a deep breath and blotted my lipstick.
i need to keep thinking about it, getting ideas, reading back issues.
nikki sniffed one of my perfumes, lifted her shirt, and sprayed her pits.
who does that.
i chose another scent and spritzed a small amount between my breasts.
she smirked, her brown eyes frank.
tits or pits does not matter.
as long as we smell as good as we look, we are getting all the dick we can eat tonight.
i laughed and ran my brush through my hair before handing it off to nikki who did the same.
once we were sufficiently primped, we took the short drive to the ballpark.
once again, nikki horrible driving habits had me sweating to the point i reconsidered the whole pit spray idea.
we pulled into the deck, and i shot out of the car, slamming the door behind me.
it was not that bad.
nikki sauntered up and hooked her arm in mine.
i think id rather be driven around by a serial killer than you.
really.
we walked past the deck, through the ticket gate, and up to the concourse.
what if he like, i do not know, had a severed head collection in the back seat.
one, you are sick.
two, it would still be safer.
she snorted a laugh.
i think you are being dramatic.
the ballpark smells hotdogs, popcorn, and cotton candy floated through the air as we joined the river of people entering the stadium.
okay, what if your serial killer chauffeur handed you the lotion and told you to rub it on your skin.
a guy in front of us turned to look at nikki as she used a perfectly creepy falsetto to ask her question.
he gave us a flirty smile and collided with the couple walking in front of him.
we laughed and walked around the pile up.
id take the lotion.
yep, i still prefer the serial killer.
i peeked through the openings in the concourse, staring down at the field and trying to get a glimpse of easton.
okay, okay.
but what if she squeezed my elbow and widened her eyes.
he had a pencil stache.
i laughed.
in that one instance, i would prefer you.
i win.
she grinned and sped her pace toward the stairs leading down to our seats.
the green of the field overwhelmed me for that split second once i entered the stadium proper.
it did not matter how many times i went to the ballpark, it always had the same magic.
we were right behind home plate again, a spot that was quickly becoming one of my favorite places in the world.
watching easton play was a particular thrill.
the way his body moved, the way he was able to focus on something with such intensity, was undeniably impressive.
and when he used that same focus on me.
a shiver went down my spine at the thought.
finding our seats, we sat down and watched the teams warm up.
even from this distance, i could hear braden talking shit to his pitch and catch partner.
he and nikki made a great pair.
i scanned for easton, but he must have been in the bullpen.
i settled in, itching for the game to start.
music filtered over the stadium speakers and a light breeze kicked up, ruffling the emerald green blades of grass in the outfield.
as night fell, the lights came up and everyone stood for the national anthem.
the announcers chattered as the players took the field.
easton would not be up yet.
he was a closer, but i still loved getting glimpses of him in the dugout or the bullpen.
the game was interesting, too.
braden trotted out and gave nikki a small salute by touching his glove to his helmet.
she squealed and wrapped her arm around my shoulders.
is not he hot.
she asked the same question anytime he ran onto the field.
yes.
very hot.
i put as much enthusiasm as i could muster into it, though i had no problem overlooking braden in favor of easton.
i know.
i wonder who up first.
i think graves pitched last game, so he probably resting now.
hare maybe.
nikki went through the starters, trying to figure out who it would be, when a player strutted out from the dugout.
the announcer came over the speaker and belted out the pitcher name.
it washed over me like a winter rain, frigid and draining.
a cold sweat broke out along the back of my neck and my upper lip.
nikki grip on my shoulder tightened and, even though i was sitting, i felt like i was falling.
sean richards.
i said his name, the words unfamiliar on my tongue after two years of disuse.
he back.
sean walked to the mound, the same cocky tilt to his chin that i remembered.
the same dead eyed stare at every batter that came up to the plate.
everything was the same.
i was sitting here, watching him pitch.
i ran my thumb over my ring finger, the phantom of my engagement band still there.
kyrie.
nikki put her hand along my cheek and turned my head toward her.
i got the feeling shed been saying my name for a while.
you okay.
she winced.
i know you are not.
that was dumb of me to ask.
do you want to go.
it is okay.
i can catch up with braden later.
sean ran his fingers through the dirt and gripped the ball.
each movement was familiar.
i had not seen him since that night two years ago, and now here he was, as if the clock had reversed and i was still the same nave idiot that trusted him with my heart.
come on.
let is go.
nikki started to get up.
i grabbed her knee, keeping her in place.
no.
this is my place now.
not his.
he is not running me out of here.
the steel in my voice surprised me, but i meant every word.
i stared as he threw a few warm up pitches to braden.
sean did not glance up at us in the stands.
i could not tell if i wanted him to see me or not.
i tucked my frozen hands under my legs and simply watched.
the other team batter stepped up to the plate and the game finally began.
nikki scooted into my side, ignoring the arm rest between us.
he threw his first pitch, then another, and another.
three strikes.
the crowd warmed to him, their cheers fueling him onward.
i chilled even more, each beat of my heart sending shards of ice splintering in all directions.
a pop fly, caught by braden, and another infield fly, caught by sean, and the inning was over.
sean stepped from the mound and trotted to the dugout, but he threw a look at me over his shoulder.
hed seen me.
i knew it when i saw the smirk twist his lips the same smirk id seen the night id caught him in our bed with another woman.
i slid into the booth and pressed myself against the wall.
the cool paneling of the bar should have been soothing.
instead, i could not concentrate on anything not on the waitress taking our drink order, or the words pouring from nikki lips, or the raucous crowd in the bar celebrating the ravens win.
my heart thumped like a drum in my ears.
god, why did not i take you home.
nikki leaned into me.
no, it is fine.
you sound like mr.
roboto.
it is not fine.
i am here for easton, not sean.
i hated even saying my ex name.
id watched, frozen, as sean pitched the first eight innings before they called in easton.
seeing him take the mound and shoot me a confident smile helped melt some of the ice seeing sean had placed around my heart, but not enough.
when hed come to the net after the game, id been distracted, worried sean would show up and start something.
he never did, but easton had noticed something was off.
to smooth it over, i begged nikki to take me to johnny, the bar frequented by the team after games.
i wanted to see easton, maybe explain to him about sean before it all hit the fan.
sean was not known for his tact.
then again, it had been two years.
maybe hed changed.
the front doors burst open and the team spilled in, laughing and pushing each other as the patrons all stood and cheered their arriving heroes.
the bar was decked out in ravens memorabilia and filled to the brim with people.
nikki waved braden and easton over to where we were seated.
they were freshly showered and dressed in button downs and jeans.
easton slid into the booth next to me and put his arm around me.
i scanned the crowd, checking for sean.
i let out a sigh of relief when i did not see his lanky frame amongst the players.
easton pulled me into his side and put his lips to my ear.
what is it, baby.
i forced a smile.
nothing.
do not worry.
i kissed him, a chaste peck at first, but he turned it into more by refusing to let me go.
his tongue teased at mine before he finally let up.
braden began a slow clap across the table as nikki smiled and took a drink of her beer.
shut up, douche.
easton turned to the waitress and ordered a pitcher.
the front doors swung open again and i could not hold back a curse when i saw sean strut in.
he studied the room, and i tried to shrink back in the booth.
it did not work.
he spotted me and walked to the bar, shooting me glances every few moments as he chatted with his team members.
what.
easton gently grabbed my chin and pulled my head around to face him.
what is going on.
i shook out of his hold.
nothing.
a more truthful answer would be i am coming apart because the man who jilted me two months before i was supposed to marry him is here and eyeing me like he wants to eat me up.
i i just need to go to the bathroom.
that is all.
he put a hand on my cheek, the callouses along his fingers comforting and familiar.
you are white as a sheet.
please tell me what is wrong, kyrie.
did i do something.
his worry pierced me like a needle.
no.
it is not you.
i could feel sean eyes on me and suddenly, i felt trapped.
my chest cramped as if id been running, and i needed air.
i promise.
i have to pee.
my desperation seeped into my voice, but i did not care.
i needed a minute to just think.
okay.
easton stood and helped me up.
his eyebrows were pinched together and i could feel the worry in his eyes.
i will come with.
nikki tried to push braden away.
no.
i am fine.
i turned and hurried through the crush of players and fans.
i nodded at the ones i knew but did not stop to talk.
cutting a wide path around the bar, i entered the back hallway where the restrooms were located.
kyrie.
a familiar voice sounded at my back.
oh, god no.
i stopped and moved to the side as a player and a giggling woman passed by, coming from the men room.
i took a deep breath and turned.
sean looked down at me, his dark green eyes still as beautiful as the day id met him.
he wore jeans and a team t shirt, maybe even one of the same ones from before.
it looked well worn.
what.
my voice shook and i could not stop from clenching my hands.
i just i just saw you at the ballpark and then i saw you with that other guy.
he shrugged, one corner of his mouth turning up in a disarming smile.
i wanted to say hello is all.
he stepped closer.
too close.
he wore the same aftershave, had the same cut to his dark brown hair, even said my name with the same inflection.
i have to go.
i stepped back, but he grabbed my arm.
he was not rough, but he was not letting me go, either.
i just wanted to tell you that you look good.
his eyes dropped to my lips and back up.
and that i have missed you.
i closed my eyes, fighting away tears that should have been spent two years before.
how many times had i wished hed come back and begged forgiveness, told me he loved me, told me he missed me.
what a fool id been for even considering forgiving someone whod never seen fit to ask for forgiveness in the first place.
let go.
i opened my eyes and tried to pull my arm from his grip to no avail.
kyrie, come on.
he stepped closer.
why are you with that easton asshole.
he not an asshole.
he ran his other hand down my arm and stared into my eyes.
i want to try it again.
i came back for you.
my mind reeled and i could only stare up at him.
he took the opportunity and closed the gap with a kiss.
he gripped my waist, pulling me into him as he crushed his mouth into mine.
i shoved at his chest, but he held me tight.
you, motherfucker.
a guttural yell rang out, and sean was ripped away from me.
easton i should have gone with her.
nikki rapped her nails on the table in rapid fire succession.
the incessant sound put my teeth on edge.
chicks.
braden shrugged.
it is like separating twins if they do not go listen to each other pee.
he chuckled at his joke.
i grinned at both of them across the table, but nikki eyes were fixed in kyrie direction.
turning in my chair, id expected a view of kyrie ass as she strode away.
i got just a peek before she wove through the crowd to the back hallway.
oh, no.
shit.
nikki voice was a mumble.
what.
i raised an eyebrow at her.
she grimaced and kept her eyes trained on the back hallway.
i followed her gaze and saw a flash of kyrie dark hair as she walked in and then what looked like the new pitcher following behind her.
nikki started shoving at braden, trying to get him out of the booth so she could get up.
what the fuck is going on.
a wave of nerves ripped through my stomach.
nothing.
move.
nikki finally got braden on his feet, but id already taken off through the bar.
i did not like what was happening.
why had richards looked like he was following kyrie.
hed been eyeing her weird all night at the ballfield.
i tried not to think much of it.
the last thing i wanted was to rock the boat after destroying the locker room.
now, i did not give a shit if i sank the fucking boat to the bottom of the ocean.
i pushed past players, nikki hot on my heels.
when i entered the back hallway and saw richards with his hands on my girl, something clicked in my mind.
when he leaned down and kissed her, everything became a blur, except for nikki words at my back, sean.
do not you fucking touch her.
i rushed forward and yanked him back by his shoulder.
you, motherfucker.
my fist hammered into richards nose, and i followed him down to the ground, not feeling a thing.
shrieks rang out around me but i was only focused on driving sean face through the floor with my fists.
you are fucking dead, holliday.
he struggled, trying to buck my weight off him.
not a fucking chance.
i swung and nailed him in the left eye.
he tagged me with a hard right, but i barely registered it.
regaining my composure with a quick head shake, i gripped him around the throat to make sure i did not hear the piece of shit say anything else while i pummeled the side of his head with my free hand.
stop it, easton.
stop please.
kyrie voice sounded like it was in a tunnel, far behind me.
i felt an arm around my neck, struggling to pull me off my new teammate.
it had to be braden judging by how strong it was.
bro, just let it go.
let it go.
i recognized braden voice as his arm wrenched tighter around my neck.
blood ran from richards nose to his mouth.
the sight of it appeased me enough to surrender as i let braden pull me back from him.
his eyes were red, and i hoped the fuckers would be swollen shut within the hour.
what the fuck, easton.
kyrie shrill voice was just below a scream.
she bent over to examine richards face as he started to stand up.
i think you broke his nose.
she straightened and looked at me, but i could not tell if she was pleased or pissed.
i knew which emotion i favored.
good.
adrenaline still coursed through my veins.
should have broken his goddamn neck, too.
calm down.
braden arm tensed against me once more when i started to head back for seconds.
why he kissing you, kyrie.
she glanced to the ground, her hands at war with each other as she seemed to be trying to get her thoughts together.
richards made his way to his feet and the corners of his lips turned into a shit eating grin.
i used to do a lot more than kiss her.
i lunged at him again, dragging braden with me.
oh fuck, said braden, in my ear.
i rammed richards back into the wall, intent on turning him into a blood stain, but somehow braden wedged himself between us and yelled in my face.
go cool off.
i am not fucking around.
let him be.
sean smirked and braden flipped his head around.
you need to get the fuck out of here before i turn him loose.
i turned to kyrie.
he the guy.
the one who fucked you over.
and you did not tell me.
i was going to.
i just needed she looked away and i saw a tear fall onto her cheek that she quickly wiped away.
you could at least look at me.
i think i deserve that much.
seeing her in pain rivaled the torture of seeing her with another man, both sensations akin to a knife in my gut.
i am sorry.
her quiet words twisted the blade.
do you still have feelings for him.
i silently begged her to tell me no.
saying nothing, she dropped her gaze to the floor and i wanted to die.
look at me, kyrie.
her head tilted up to me and tears now streamed down her face.
it is complicated.
her words were more of a plea than an explanation.
richards shoved off the wall and rubbed his jaw.
of course she does, prick.
all those years do not just disappear my whole body tensed as i glared in richards direction.
shut your fucking mouth or i will do it for you.
again.
this ai not about you, easton.
this is about me and kyrie, now that i am back in town.
he took a step toward her and braden struggled to hold me back.
nikki darted past and got between kyrie and the three of us.
all of you need to leave her the fuck alone.
especially you, sean.
you pencil dicked motherfucker.
kyrie looked lost, her eyes darting from me to sean as she put a hand over her mouth, covering a sob.
nikki turned her toward the door by her shoulders and guided her away.
tears streamed down kyrie cheeks as they walked through the door and disappeared.
kyrie nikki spooned me, her arm slung across me as she snored.
after a waterfall of tears and a long conversation about past mistakes and the current clusterfuck, id finally fallen into a fitful sleep.
i glanced at my phone.
the light was dark, no messages.
my puffy eyes squinted at the morning sun pouring through my blinds, and i flipped to my back.
nikki hand landed on my boob and she squeezed it in her sleep.
i could not even laugh as i repositioned her hand.
too many negative emotions swirled inside me to let such a carefree sound escape.
i sighed and stared at the slowly turning blades of my ceiling fan.
they were stuck in a pattern just like i was.
was i doomed to make the same mistakes over and over again.
my alarm chirped and i slammed my palm down on the snooze button.
but was easton a mistake.
he had not done what sean had done.
or was it that he just had not done it yet.
the idea of him cheating on me made my stomach churn, the alcohol from the previous night threatening to make a reappearance.
go ahead and text him.
tell him you want to have lunch.
nikki rubbed her eyes.
i had not noticed the snoring had stopped.
i already texted him last night after you fell asleep.
i told him i did not want sean, and that it was complicated.
he did not respond.
id stared at my phone, hoping hed say something to me.
even if it was him telling me how pissed he was, it would have been a relief.
but thered been only silence.
well, try again.
he will come around.
my eyes stung as more tears tried to well up.
i am afraid he thinks i want to get back with sean.
i do not.
i know.
she ran her hand down my cheek in the signature nikki move.
i leaned into her hand, needing some comfort.
it is a mess.
i never thought hed come back, and when i saw him, it was like nikki snuggled her head onto my shoulder.
dj vu.
i know.
i felt it, too.
though not as bad as you, i am sure.
he has not changed.
and that is a pity.
i blinked my tears away.
but that part of my life is over.
i have moved on.
we will smooth it over with easton.
did you see the look on his face.
i closed my eyes and pictured easton, the surprise and then the hurt that settled across his features.
his eyes darkening and the stark set of his jaw when i was not able to give him the answer he needed.
no, i was too busy considering choking sean the fuck out.
she wadded up the blanket and wrapped her hands around it, squeezing like it was sean neck.
i put a hand to my forehead and pressed on my temples.
when easton asked if i still had feelings for sean, i could not answer.
it was just too, too much, you know.
and i sort of froze.
she throttled the blanket for a few moments longer and let go, but then added a quick pow pow from the gun she made with her fingers.
i took care of sean.
she blew across her index finger like it was a smoking barrel.
and easton has to have realized what a shock it was for you to get confronted by sean.
i do not know.
i chewed my lip.
i sort of fell apart.
i will talk to braden and get him to talk to easton.
she stretched and sat up.
are you sure we have to go to work and stuff.
my alarm sounded again, and i nailed it with a backhand before flipping it over to the off position.
i will shower quick.
then we can go to your house so you can clean up and we can get ready.
sound like a plan.
she held out her fist.
we got this.
getting ready, getting easton all going to be a piece of cake.
she yawned and shook her fist, demanding i bump it.
i hope you are right.
i tapped her knuckles and walked to my bathroom, but not before glancing at my phone again.
it remained dark.
no messages, no chance.
so, what is on tap for next week.
tessa had outdone herself this morning.
she wore a red dress, the top structural and sharp, the bottom flaring into a tutu.
a black hat with mesh veil topped the look, but the material seemed too long, because she kept getting it caught between her lips as she spoke.
kyrie, off to l.a.
next week.
i forced a bright smile onto my face.
yes, tessa.
i have got the entire reality tv family lined up to talk, except for the one in rehab.
which one in rehab.
she caught the mesh between her teeth and poked out her lips to try and get it out of her mouth.
nikki snickered next to me and then added a surly, i wish i got to go to l.a.
i elbowed her and spoke up.
i think the third oldest sister.
the one married to the rapper.
when will she be out.
can you go see her in the rehab.
her voice rose, shrillness rounding out the piercing notes.
it is court ordered, so she will likely be there at least a month.
no visitors.
i checked.
no visitors.
that is ridiculous.
the last time i was in a facili tessa halted and reached up to adjust her hat before clearing her throat.
moving on.
i tuned out the rest of the meeting, even nikki antics.
my thoughts never strayed far from easton.
he still had not returned my texts.
i called and left him a voicemail on the way to work, but the apology seemed to have fallen on deaf ears.
once the meeting was over, i wandered back to my office.
nikki perched and chatted, but she quickly got the hint that i wanted to be alone.
he will come around.
braden already promised to talk to him.
i put my head on my desk, my forehead resting on the squishy wrist pad that looked like a big, purple dildo.
do not push him.
i said the right thing, but i did not mean it.
i wanted easton pushed back to me, so i could be in his arms again.
it will be okay.
nikki stroked through my hair and patted my back.
my phone dinged, and i popped my head up and grabbed for it.
i swiped across the screen.
a text.
pressing on the text app, my heart sank.
i recognized sean number, though it had long since been deleted from my address book.
it is sean, i muttered.
nikki face fell as i showed her the text.
want to get together tonight.
drinks and then i could show you my new place.
i tapped the functionality that allowed me to block numbers and had him added to the list in seconds.
good decision.
nikki hopped down and walked to my door.
we will get easton.
if there anything i am a pro at, it is chasing down men in tight baseball pants.
do not worry.
i offered a weak smile and she tapped her nose before turning the corner outside my door.
i forced myself to work instead of straight moping.
i flew through my emails, corresponding with freelance writers and stringers to make sure the smaller stories and product plugs were being assembled for the next teen sparkle.
a couple of hours dragged by as i made a few phone calls to the art department about ad placement and continued piecing together my ideas for the reality tv article.
i already knew it would turn out as nothing better than a vanity piece.
and i hated it.
a reminder dinged, telling me my l.a.
travel plans for monday.
i leaned back in my chair and let the dread wash over me.
my life was not going in the right direction not on the career front and not on the relationship front.
maybe id made a misstep at some point in the past, and now id ventured far enough in the wrong direction to notice the trail had evaporated under my feet.
another email darkened my screen, but i sat straight up when i saw it was from graciela froggart.
ms.
kent, i have interviewed two additional candidates for the executive editor spot.
both are well suited for the position.
however, i await your creative submission for my consideration.
have it to me by midweek or i am afraid i will have to pass you over.
graciela froggart midweek.
i ran my fingers through my hair and crunched a lock between my front teeth a weird habit that surfaced when i was nervous, and one id never been able to break.
there was no way i could get her a quality piece by midweek, especially not when i was slated to fly to la for the vapid reality tv star interview.
first easton had slipped through my fingers and now style and substance.
i shook my head.
no.
i was not going to take another step down this road.
i was going to set things to rights with easton and make a run at my dream, even if it tanked me at teen sparkle.
it was worth the risk.
i picked up my phone and dialed nikki.
you like em, we stick em, she tittered in my ear.
i laughed, the sound almost manic.
one, that is not a very professional way to answer your phone, and two, want to go to l.a.
for me next week.
easton a week had passed and i had not returned any of kyrie texts or calls.
it was torture.
each time id started to give in id see richards at practice or a game, and the humiliation and rage would win out against my need to speak to her.
his black eyes and busted up nose were the only things that gave me a hint of comfort.
i rolled out of bed and groaned.
a crushing weight squeezed my chest and even the view of the city and the spring colors from my high rise window were drab and uninteresting.
birds chirped on the ledge and i glared in their direction.
happy little fucks.
i beat my knuckles on the glass as they fluttered in every direction.
then i smiled.
you must feel like a real badass now.
picking on the poor birds.
kasey leaned on my doorframe.
what do you want.
i sulked back to the bed, contemplating falling face first onto it and delaying the start of the day.
you return her messages.
kasey took another step into the room and folded her arms.
whose messages.
i smirked.
oh, very clever, easton.
she started slow clapping.
hey, hey, easton.
check it out.
i got full range of my wrist back.
she made a jerk off motion with her injured hand, before she arced it at me, coupled with the most exaggerated splooge sound id ever heard.
very original, kase.
get some new material.
i sat down on the bed and sighed, staring out the window.
do not take your shit out on me, you miserable twat.
i looked back and her brow was furrowed.
sorry.
i flopped back on the bed like an angsty teenager about to blast grunge music.
this is why i should not have let her in.
i was perfectly happy when i was single.
no work issues.
did not have to worry about some tease fucking with my mind.
i turned my head and kasey was in my face, nostrils flared.
oh shit.
do not you talk about her that way.
i will fuck you the fuck up.
understand.
she was shaking as she loomed over me.
jesus christ, what gives.
i sprang up from the bed and paced around the room, alternating my gaze between kasey and the wall.
i did not do anything wrong.
she did.
now you are taking her side.
i thought you were my best friend.
kasey stare softened a bit as she strode toward me.
you know i love your big dumb ass.
and i did not take her side.
she prodded my chest with her index finger.
but she not one of those other whores you used to put your ant sized cock inside.
she better than that and you know it.
i started to speak and she cut me off.
she a catch.
she the tits, if you will.
if you say anything different, you are lying to yourself.
she turned to walk away then spun back around, apparently not finished ripping me a new asshole.
know what your problem is, big brother.
it is easier to sit in here like a little bitch, and not do shit, than it is to go out there and have to work for something.
she not perfect.
but she was with that fuck bag for a long time.
why.
i have no earthly idea.
you can not change the past though, and you can not expect her to just forget years of something because easton motherfucking holliday showed up and gave her a big o.
just one.
i gave her a quick smile.
respect.
she smiled but tried to shake it off.
but seriously her words were now a plea.
that girl is perfect for you.
everyone sees it.
i know you feel it in places other than your nut bags.
i have never seen you love anything as much as baseball, until she came along.
stop being a twat rocket and do something about it.
i ran a hand through my hair and stared up at the ceiling.
it is probably too late.
she has to hate me by now.
kasey stood there with her hands on her hips, looking at me as if i were the village idiot.
it is been all of a week.
it took her two years to get over richards.
she scoffed and walked from the room.
i walked to my night stand and picked up my phone.
no new messages from kyrie.
this was the first day since the bar that she had not said anything to me.
sometimes it was just hi or i miss you.
but now, my screen had no notifications.
i checked again.
still nothing.
not thirty seconds passed before kasey stormed back into the room carrying her laptop.
she flipped it open on the bed.
yeah, i bet she over it.
idiot.
i looked down at the screen, style and substance across the banner, and my heart raced.
she got the job.
a huge smile spread across my face, and then pangs of nausea riddled my stomach.
i missed it.
she landed her dream job.
i had not taken her to dinner or bought her flowers or said so much as congratulations.
instead, id tortured her with unanswered texts and ignored phone calls during what should have been one of the happiest moments in her life.
bile crept into my throat and a cold sweat broke out across my forehead.
you okay.
you look mighty pale.
kasey walked over and put a hand on my shoulder.
i could not turn away from the article.
rookie love and career mistakes.
the words were like a vise around my neck, slowly shutting off my air supply.
i am the love mistake.
i i can not read it.
she going to talk about me.
do not be a pussy.
i think you will like what you find.
kasey smiled and walked out of the room.
i sat there for a few minutes, contemplating whether or not i wanted to scroll down to the article.
my phone lit up and distracted me.
it was braden.
hey mopey moperson, we need to meet up.
obligatory female shit.
beers.
i typed out a message with my thumb and index finger, because i am a weirdo.
i fucked up, did not i.
the screen was in my peripheral vision, taunting me when the phone lit up again.
look bitch.
when there an opportunity to drink beer, we do not waste it.
meet me at oconnelly in half an hour.
i chuckled.
fine.
see you there.
that is a good whore.
finally having worked up the courage, i scrolled down to the article.
kyrie headshot was in the byline with her name and new title, executive editor.
her writing was effortless, conveying every little piece of information perfectly so that even a dummy like me could understand her thoughts.
she talked about her struggles and working jobs she did not want to work, with her long term goal always in the back of her mind.
how she used it to get out of bed every morning and write the pieces she was not interested in.
then, she moved on to her social life, and how a working woman could make mistakes and not veer off the tracks.
she talked about being engaged, and though she did not mention that sack of dicks by name, it was obvious who she was talking about.
reading about the shit he put her through made me want to break his nose.
and then, finally, there i was in stark black and white finding love is not quite as easy as id been led to believe as any of us have been led to believe, really.
but there was a time, and i am not talking about my fiance who had a penchant for sleeping with women other than me, when i was really, truly in love.
i did not know it then.
i thought if i guarded my heart, kept him at arm length, that i was doing the right thing.
i was not.
he taught me that opening up was not necessarily a bad thing.
he taught me that love, even after disappointment, was possible.
and i gave him so much more of me than i ever intended.
and then i made a mistake.
a big one.
i hurt the man i love.
but the thing is, when you hurt someone you love, you feel the sting, too.
i made a love mistake.
one that i am not sure i can remedy.
but i have learned something from it, something that i hope to share with you, dear reader.
when you have ended the chapter on a toxic past relationship, go ahead and close the book, put it on the top shelf, and never open it again.
pushing through one of the big heavy wooden doors, i saw braden sitting up at the bar top with a black and tan in front of him.
he held up a hand and motioned me over.
this was our favorite dive bar.
it was rarely busy and today was no exception.
half the tables along the walls still had chairs stacked up on them.
patrick stood behind the bar bullshitting with braden.
the old man had a bar towel draped over his shoulder as usual.
he was legit, came over from ireland long before we were born.
i plopped down on the barstool next to braden and looked up at patrick, a man of few words.
the usual.
aye.
patrick turned his back to us and started to pour a smithwick off the tap as i dropped my head down toward the bar.
braden whipped out his phone with the article on it and slid it in front of me.
already read it.
i shifted in my seat.
well fuck, that was like all i had really.
he stared down into his beer.
what are you gonna do.
i let out an exasperated breath.
i do not know, man.
i just i love her.
it is just so complicated.
how am i going to work with richards.
how is that complicating things.
his eyes widened.
i furrowed my brow as if his question could not be serious.
what do you mean.
well, you already fucked him up.
it is going to be hell working with him anyway, regardless of what goes down with you and kyrie.
should not you at least get the girl if you are gonna have to put up with his shit.
i leaned back.
wow.
that is actually sound logic.
good for you.
i chuckled and patted him on the back.
it was a joke, but his words resonated and had my mind racing again.
thanks, dick.
his stare was still serious.
i know we joke a lot.
we both grinned.
but for real.
fuck.
i had not seen you that happy in, well, since we have known each other.
not trying to get all fucking gushy on you.
nikki definitely put me up to this and i thought id seal the deal easy with that article, and then wed just pound some ice colds.
here yare, easton.
patrick set the big frosted mug of beer in front of me.
thanks, pat.
i took a sip and licked the foam from my top lip as the strong hops wafted across my nose.
i mean, you know i want to be with her.
i nodded to the phone.
i ignored her.
hurt her more.
during the biggest moment of her career.
beat up her ex who happens to be our new pitcher.
she hesitated when i asked if she had feelings for him those were nerves and you know it.
you are kind of an intimidating motherfucker when you have just throttled some guy face, you know.
braden sat up straight and shook his head.
no, man.
that is a bunch of bullshit.
since when are you the type to make excuses.
youd never do that on the ballfield.
why is it okay to do it now.
i saw a vein starting to bulge in his neck and his jaw clenched.
what if she rejects me.
hearing those words as they came out of my mouth, all i thought was one thing.
you are lying to yourself.
braden shook his head again.
you read what she wrote.
she put herself out there for you.
you know what.
i am not thirsty anymore.
he shoved his beer across the bar and stood up.
i watched the beer slosh back and forth in the glass, foaming up at the top.
these are on you, bitch.
he scowled, then turned and left, shoving the door open on his way out.
i whipped out my wallet and threw down my card before yanking my cell phone from my pocket.
my thumbs flew over the screen as i sent a text to kyrie.
if you still love me the way i love you, be at the game tomorrow night.
patrick ran my card and handed it back.
i sprinted through the door and out to the parking lot.
the sun was blinding from how dark it had been in the pub.
i scanned the lot and saw braden mercedes backing out.
sprinting up to the car, i beat on his window and he jumped and threw a hand up in defense.
the window lowered slowly.
jesus fucking christ, you animal.
i sent her a text.
let is do this shit.
he threw the door open and i barely dodged it.
his chest was heaving up and down with each breath, his teeth grinding, jaw tight.
braden stepped from the car and his lips were mashed into a thin line, then they slowly turned up to a grin.
was it my dramatic exit.
nailed it.
he laughed.
i picked him up in a huge bear hug and squeezed the oxygen from his lungs, then started dry humping him up against the car.
you like that shit.
oh yeah, give it to me, daddy.
our laughter echoed through the parking lot when a lady walked by with a stroller, gawking at us.
we both stood to attention.
good afternoon, maam.
braden cheeks were puffed out, a laugh waiting to explode from them.
she kept walking, shaking her head and mumbling.
so whatd you do.
he bounced around on the balls of his feet like a fighter about to enter the ring.
sent a text, saying i loved her and for her to come to the game tomorrow.
i grinned at his excitement.
nice.
just hope she takes me back.
he smacked me playfully across the cheek and pointed a finger in my face.
easton holliday does not take no for an answer.
do not be a whore.
i was a hot fucking mess the entire day, ever since i woke up.
it was torture not to text kyrie, but everything i needed to say was better said face to face.
do not fuck this up, easton.
hopping in my truck, i sped off toward the field.
when i arrived, richards was getting out of the car in front of me.
fuck.
he shot me a glare and i saw the dark shadows around his eyes.
it made me smile for a moment, and then everything came rushing back my anger at him, the look on her face when i asked her if she had feelings for him.
it would take a while to get past, but id decided kyrie was worth it.
i waited for richards to disappear before getting out of the truck.
braden whipped into another spot.
thank god.
hed help keep me focused if sean decided to run off at the mouth.
we strode toward the clubhouse.
braden looked down at his phone and then glanced up to me and smiled.
text from nik.
she not for certain, but she thinks she convinced kyrie to come.
he nudged me with his arm.
i tried to play it off.
oh yeah.
mmhmm.
he pushed open the door and i followed behind.
i still could not believe coach had not called me in to discuss well, rip me a new asshole over fighting with sean.
the prick was nowhere to be seen as we stripped down and started to get ready for the game.
braden had a foot on the bench, strapping his shin guards on.
i know it does not help things, but richards is starting tonight.
just wanted to get that out of the way.
the fuck.
why.
i tied one of my cleats.
graves is hurt.
tendonitis.
coach is moving him up in the rotation.
fuck.
i should have been concerned for graves, but all i could think about was kyrie having to watch that motherfucker on the mound all night.
he was good too, which made things worse.
he usually lasted well past the seventh inning.
what if he runs her off.
it will ruin everything.
braden must have sensed me warring with myself in my mind.
hey, snap out of it, bitch.
you come in and win the game, and then go win the girl.
fuckin a.
i grabbed a ball from my locker.
i wonder why coach has not said shit about the fight.
braden looked away.
i do not know, man.
maybe richards has steered clear.
not hard for you pitchers to do.
fuckers do not have to play every day.
he turned back with a toothy grin.
i will see you out there.
he smiled and ran off, his spikes clacking on the concrete once he reached the hall leading to the dugout.
i threw on the rest of my gear and grabbed my bag, then headed out for the bullpen.
when i walked past coach office, the door was cracked and i heard him talking.
son, what the fuck happened to your face.
richards was in there.
fucking great.
nothing, coach.
took a spill while i was biking.
i leaned in closer to the door.
why would he lie.
goddammit, son.
biking.
what in the fuck were you thinking.
i was not.
i am sorry.
nothing we can do about it now.
get the fuck out of here and stay off the goddamn bike until the season over.
yes sir.
shit.
i started down the hall when richards came through the door.
his stare was like fire in the back of my skull.
holliday.
his word echoed off the walls.
be fucking cool.
do not ruin your career, easton.
i turned and walked back toward him, until we were a few feet apart.
yeah.
i leered at him.
i do not like you.
he smirked and i wanted to smack it off his goddamn face.
but we have a job to do.
i made up an excuse to coach.
i set my bag down.
i heard.
tell braden i took care of it and to stay the fuck away from me unless it is baseball related.
i do not know what you are talking about.
i lifted my cap and pushed my hair back from my brow before sliding it back down on my head.
right.
like you did not send him to talk to me.
his foot tapped on the ground.
no.
he smiled this time.
that little fucker.
i grinned a little, now curious to what that sly bastard pulled.
whatd he say.
that i needed to stay the fuck away from kyrie and make up a story for coach.
for the team and for my health.
i shook my head.
i did not put him up to that.
he a devious little prick.
and, for the record, his threats did not do shit for me.
all the same, i came here to play, not feud with another pitcher.
he looked up at the ceiling and then back to me.
let is just keep our distance and do our jobs.
deal.
he held out a hand.
i hesitated, but thought about kyrie article.
smoothing things over with richards would help me smooth things over with her.
reaching out, i took his hand.
deal.
id been standing up on the bullpen bench all game, squinting to see if kyrie was in the stands.
she was.
it was the longest game ever, at least it seemed like it.
a pitcher duel.
wed scored a pair of runs in the seventh, and now they had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth.
i was warming up, trying to stay focused.
looking out to make sure kyrie had not left the game, i saw a base hit shoot up the middle to groans from the crowd.
the runner on second rounded third and headed for the plate as our centerfielder fired the ball to braden.
the runner slid into home, kicking up a dust cloud, and it was too close to tell what happened from the outfield.
the umpire arms shot out, indicating he was safe.
fuck.
boos roared through the stadium, and the runner from first made it to third.
coach sprang up from the steps of the dugout and signaled for me.
the outfield wall swung open and i jogged across the warning track.
cheers erupted for richards as he strode to the dugout.
the ground shook beneath me from the music blasting through the speakers, and the stadium soon engulfed my view from all angles.
i trotted out to the mound where coach and braden awaited.
forty thousand people were on their feet and my eyes were fixed on one person, the only one i cared about.
our eyes locked and a tentative smile spread across her face.
it was not something i usually did, especially considering part of my job description was intimidating batters.
but i let a smile slip.
for her.
the stadium went wild and i glanced up to the screen in centerfield to see the camera zoomed in on kyrie and nik.
apparently, our relationship had gone public, and people knew about the story in style and substance.
i blew her a kiss to rev up the crowd as i neared the mound, and my mind was at ease, simply from her smile.
it was time to focus on baseball.
you about done, loverboy.
coach smirked.
sorry coach.
i am focused.
ready to go to work.
goddamn better be.
he slammed the ball in my mitt and glanced to braden.
we need a strikeout, son.
and i do not need to remind you about what happened last time you faced the asshole on deck over there.
he nodded toward their cleanup hitter.
you mean the ball he took to the ribs.
braden laughed.
yeah, well he got easton tossed out of the game.
now did not he.
shit will not happen again.
i clenched my fist at my side.
better fucking not.
he turned to braden.
give us a sec.
yes sir.
braden trotted back to home.
coach stepped up on the mound, his gin blossom nose and weathered cheeks closer to my face.
i do not give a fuck what cockamamie bike riding bullshit richards fed me earlier.
i am not an idiot.
my players do not get in fights at a bar without me hearing about it.
coach when you are on the mound, it is to work.
when you are with your team, you are at work.
you boys are like family to me.
i do not want to see you fuck up your career.
he kicked at the dirt.
it is behind us.
i am here to do my job.
i adjusted my cap.
good.
now go impress that pretty girl up there.
she a keeper.
he smiled and winked, then stepped off the mound.
yes sir.
i stepped up to the rubber, my domain, and started my warm up pitches.
the fucker on deck was smiling and i could see him talking to one of his teammates.
then he held his hand up to his brow and scanned behind home plate before staring at kyrie.
he and the other player both laughed, and he mocked the kiss i blew her.
focus on this hitter, easton.
i finished my pitches and the ump called the batter to the plate.
he dug in and waved his bat toward me.
braden flashed a sign for a fastball.
the stadium was a roar until i started my windup, and the whole place went silent.
i pushed off the mound with my back leg and fired a fastball straight into braden mitt.
the umpire shot his arm out to the side and the place went crazy.
strike.
i held my glove up, signaling for braden to get the ball back to me.
i liked to work quick.
heading back up to the mound, i readied myself for the next pitch.
braden wanted a slider.
i shook him off and looked at the runner.
he called for a fastball and i nodded.
i rocked back and fired it by the hitter again.
it sounded like a shotgun blast when it hit braden glove and the umpire called out, strike two.
i glanced up to kyrie and noticed kasey had made her way into the stands and was giving me the finger.
i tried not to grin.
she hugged nik and kyrie, and most likely grabbed their asses.
she had not been to a game in as long as i could remember.
her excuse consisted of something about a ritual and eating a pint of ice cream at just the right pace while situated in front of the tv.
athletes were superstitious, so i never questioned it.
seeing her there sent a rush of happiness coursing through me.
i was not sure why.
focus.
calm and collected, i watched as braden called for the slider.
this time i obliged.
at the last second i flipped my wrist and whipped my hand around.
the ball started toward the middle and dove down and away.
the hitter lunged as he swung, and missed.
cheers erupted through the stadium and braden tapped his glove on his chest protector before firing the ball back to me.
i watched their hitter sulk back to the dugout as he passed the son of a bitch who ran his mouth off about kyrie during our last encounter.
do not let him get to you.
he tapped the dirt from his cleats with his bat and dug his back foot in and twisted it.
i glared at him below the bill of my cap, holding my glove up so that all he saw was my eyes.
braden called for the slider and i nodded.
the ground was rumbling from the roar of the crowd as i went into my wind up.
i threw it exactly like the last pitch, and the big bastard swung and missed.
fuck.
he almost fell on his face before righting himself.
people stomped in the stands and the tension in the air was palpable.
pussy.
the batter jaw clenched and he glared out at me.
i returned his glare with a wink, and he looked like his face might explode.
keep winking asshole, when i go home with her later.
he nodded over to kyrie.
i glanced over and she was at the net, just like she always had been.
his words did not mean shit to me.
i knew i had her regardless of what happened.
it gave me a confidence id never known existed.
i stepped back up, and braden called for the slider again.
my head shook and he threw down the same sign.
a fastball was coming whether braden wanted it or not.
somehow, i knew it was the right pitch.
he finally gave in and shook his head at me, then he set up behind the plate.
i kicked up my leg and fired it as hard as i could.
the batter swung and grunted, the ball already in braden glove by the time his bat came around.
holy shit.
braden shook his glove hand like hed just punched a concrete wall, before he took the ball out and threw it back.
i looked up to centerfield and the screen read mph the hardest ball id ever thrown in my life.
the stadium was bedlam when the numbers flashed across, and coach jaw was practically on the ground.
jesus son, do it again.
fuck, he called.
even richards was up in the dugout with the rest of the team, cheering me on.
the place was electric, and the current shot through my body.
i looked down at both my feet on the rubber and then over to kyrie, her green eyes sparkling from the lights of the stadium, fingers wrapped in the net.
everything seemed like slow motion sounds, movements.
i looked to the plate and braden did not even throw down a sign, only waved the pitch on with his glove hand, then held up a target.
fuck it, easton.
his words were low and deep, like theyd been slowed on a record player.
their hitter glared and spit in front of the plate, his back foot churning against the dirt like he was squashing a bug under his cleat.
i went into my wind up and kicked my leg, all the raw energy built up in my legs transferred into my arm as i whipped it around and released.
the ball shot past the hitter and into braden glove.
there was a pause, a split second of complete silence, and then the umpire turned and punched his fist out to the side, followed by the other.
strike three.
braden fist pumped with his free hand.
yeah motherfucker.
the screen in centerfield flashed mph.
braden took off toward the mound as the players from the dugout rushed onto the field.
the fans roared, hugging and high fiving as a dog pile formed in front of the mound, me in the middle.
all i could see were bodies on top of me legs, arms, cleats, gloves, and more crotches than i ever wanted to experience.
i shoved my way through the chaos, teammates slapping me on the head before i finally wrestled myself free and stood, staring at my pitching muse as she gripped the net, smiling.
two reporters came out of the dugout and tried to corner me, but i barreled through both of them and ran over to the wall.
i hopped over it in one smooth motion as the whole crowd watched.
people darted out of the way, slapping at my shoulders as i ran to her and froze, staring at the only person i wanted to see.
kyrie i could not catch my breath as easton stalked through the crowd, his eyes on me as fans slapped him on the back and urged him forward.
knowing a storm was coming was one thing.
knowing it was coming right at you with no chance of reprieve was something entirely different.
he stopped in front of me and before i could so much as say hello, he pulled me to him and crushed me in a kiss that sent fireworks skittering to every nerve ending in my body.
the crowd erupted into a steady roar, but it all disappeared as he bent me back, his baseball glove pressing into the small of my back, his lips warm and firm against mine, and my soft body molded to his hard one.
it was not a kiss cam sort of kiss.
it was not one youd want your children watching.
but it was one that i enjoyed every second of.
his tongue circled mine, and i wrapped my arms around his neck.
he straightened, lifting me right along with him until my feet dangled off the ground, my heels hitting the deck and me giving zero fucks about them.
when he finally came up for air, he smiled and dropped a lighter kiss on my lips as the stadium continued to erupt in whoops and cheers.
breathless and turned on, i buried my face in his neck to avoid the multitude of camera phones filming us from every angle.
make me proud.
kasey slapped him on the back and slung her other arm around nikki.
come on.
he ran an arm under my legs and scooped me up, carrying me through the stands and back down to the field.
sitting down on the wall, he dropped the short distance to the ground and hurried to the dugout.
reporters ran up and started shouting questions, but he ignored them.
i kept my face buried in his neck, not ready for the spotlight hed just put on the both of us.
pressing through the players, he carried me through the locker room and into a side area, slamming the door behind him.
three massages tables were arranged inside, the edges of the room full of icing equipment, barrels, and bandages.
he set me down on a table, and shoved another against the door.
a couple of knocks and shouted questions from reporters were met with a gruff fuck off from easton.
he rounded on me, eyeing me from head to toe.
he flinched and adjusted his cup before whipping his hat off and advancing to where i sat.
i swallowed.
hard.
easton, we should talk.
i wanted to explain the whole thing about sean.
it just took me so off guard that i he put his hands on my cheeks, gently bringing my gaze up to his.
it is okay.
i understand.
you do.
then why did not you respond.
i tried to keep the hurt from my voice, but it crept in.
i was mad.
and dumb.
i was a lot of things, none of which i am proud of.
he shook his head.
braden and kasey set me straight.
and that article of yours.
you read it.
only about fifty times.
he leaned closer, his lips only a whisper away from mine.
i clutched his shirt, suddenly wishing there was nothing between the two of us.
did you like it.
yes, except for the part about how i was a love mistake.
he ran his teeth along my bottom lip and bit down lightly before catching my gaze again.
do you still think that is what i am.
a rush of heat consumed my body, and my knee length peach dress seemed a lot tighter and itchier than it did only moments before.
that is not exactly what i said.
but if you are a love mistake, then you are one i want to make over and over again.
i pulled on his shirt, bringing his lips to mine.
the electricity between us was undeniable, all consuming.
he slid his hands down my sides and gripped my ass, dragging me to the edge of the massage table.
easton.
another reporter banged on the door.
would you like to comment on the feud between you and easton turned his head and roared.
if you do not move away from that goddamn door, i am going to step out there and yank your arm out of its socket and beat you to fucking death with it.
i could not stifle my laugh.
he turned back to me, his eyes intense and his jaw set in a tense line.
that cute little giggle of yours is going to get you fucked.
promise.
i bit my lip.
he reached under my dress and rested his palms on my hips, then hooked my panties and yanked them down my legs.
he tossed them on the table next to me.
spread your legs.
he kissed me, urgent and hot, and threaded his fingers through my hair.
i opened my legs, inviting him between them by tugging him forward by his pants.
his hands rested on my shoulders and then pushed the straps of my dress and bra down, exposing my breasts.
palming one, he kneaded it as he sucked and licked my tongue.
he groaned into my mouth and put his palm at my lower back, pressing me forward to the edge of the table.
i undid the snap on his pants and lowered his zipper.
but when i reached in, i was at a loss with what to do with his cup.
fuck.
he stood straight and yanked the cup out with a grimace.
his cock sprang free, the head already glistening.
mmm, was the only sound i could make as i licked my lips.
he bent his head to my chest, taking a nipple in his mouth as i ran my hands through his hair.
moving to my other breast, he gave it the same attention until i was panting and yanking, trying to pull him up to my mouth.
he obliged, licking up my chest and neck until he claimed my lips as his.
it was a messy kiss, full of every ounce of passion and need wed stoked in each other.
his tip fell to my entrance, and he pulled away, staring at my pussy as he put his hands on the inside of my knees and pushed.
spread wide, i was open to him like id never been with anyone else.
his eyes were dark, the sparkle still there but glinting like the edge of a knife.
i put my hands behind me, bracing myself on the table and letting him have a view of all of me.
fucking beautiful.
he gripped my thighs and slid his cock inside me.
i gasped and dug my nails into the towels on the massage table.
he pulled out and shoved back in, harder this time.
the slap of our bodies echoed off the wall.
then he did it again, setting up a fast pace before wrapping his arm around me and pulling me into another scorching kiss.
i ran my hands under his jersey, feeling his hard abs and around to his flexing back.
he kissed to my neck and bit down hard enough to leave a mark.
a fresh rush of excitement took over my senses, like a bucket of morphine dumped in my blood stream, and i could not stop the moans that lofted from my lungs.
loud, baby.
he laughed against my neck and pulled out.
then he gripped my hips and lifted me, turning me onto my stomach, my ass at the edge of the table.
he clapped a palm over my mouth and thrust back inside.
surging in a forceful rhythm, he reached around and stroked my clit.
my eyes rolled back in my head at the feeling of his fingers, his palm on my mouth, and the hard plunges that i pushed into.
he leaned over my back, grunting with the effort as i cried into his palm.
he swirled around my hard nub before pinching it between his fingers.
my pussy tightened, every bit of tension coiling inside me like a snake.
i clawed at the table, and easton removed his hand from my mouth and used it to slap my ass instead.
the sting sent me over the edge, my pussy convulsing as i buried my face in the towels and moaned.
so fucking hot, kyrie.
jesus.
his voice was strained, but i was gone, floating in the sea of pleasure that rolled over me in undulating waves.
he kept fucking me, each stroke keeping my orgasm going until my body finally relaxed.
he pulled out again and lifted my hips, laying me on my back on the table.
he crawled on top of me, easing inside and moving more slowly now.
easton.
it was all i could do to say his name.
he pressed a gentle kiss to my lips and set a languid pace, as if he wanted to enjoy every second.
every moment without you was the worst of my life.
his voice was low, rough.
i love you, kyrie.
i never want to be apart again.
tears welled in my eyes, and i wrapped my arms around his neck.
do not cry.
he kissed my cheeks and pressed his forehead to mine.
i never want to see you cry.
i love you, too.
i kissed him, gently at first and then with more desperation.
he picked up his pace, and i dug my heels into his thighs, spurring him harder and faster.
my nipples rubbed against his scratchy jersey, and i thought id burn up to a cinder when he moved down to my neck, sucking at just the right place to drive me crazy.
i lifted my hips to meet him, loving each impact and the thrill it sent through my clit.
he nipped down to my shoulder and ran a hand through my hair, pulling it the way he loved.
i loved it, too, and showed it by digging my nails into his back.
i am going to come, baby.
he groaned and thrust harder.
me too.
i am there.
come in me.
i spread my legs, my heels in the air, as he plunged deeply a few more times.
fuck, he bit out and his hips surged erratically as he groaned.
his release brought mine roaring to the surface and my pussy spasmed around his cock, pulling him deeper as i moaned long and low.
my vision dimmed for a moment, my entire body focused on the intense bliss rolling from my pussy to every cell of my body.
he collapsed on top of me, his head resting next to mine on the table.
we both took in huge gulps of air.
we lay still for a while, just trying to come back down.
i am pretty sure you said you loved me.
easton said and nipped at my ear.
i smiled.
i did.
i do not remember saying that.
he raised up to his elbows and stared down at me.
do i need to remind you.
he thrust again, his cock at half mast but still capable of sending a tingle through me.
i looked away and then back at him.
i guess i might remember.
maybe a little.
perhaps i do need a bit of a remind i moaned as he pulsed inside me again.
okay, okay, yes.
i do seem to remember saying i love you.
because i do.
his smirk turned into a smile as he kissed me.
then he pulled back and furrowed his brow.
i love you, kyrie.
you have all of me.
my entire heart.
it is yours.
hey, man, i am all for some nookie, but you got reporters out here trying to bribe me with blowjob offers.
and that is just the guys.
braden voice came through the door.
id just fucked my boyfriend in a major league stadium but somehow, felt not one bit of guilt about it.
all the same, a blush crept into my cheeks at the thought of having to get through the reporters and doing the walk of shame past easton teammates.
easton shook his head and pulled out.
rocking back on his knees, he lifted me into a sitting position.
give us a minute, he called.
okay, fellas, which one of you has the least gag reflex.
braden voice faded.
i straightened my dress and snagged my panties.
easton snatched them from my hand.
spoils of war.
he smiled and tucked them into his pants.
i arched an eyebrow.
but i was the victor.
he got to his feet and tucked everything back into place.
nope, that was me.
you won the game, sure.
i stood, the concrete floor cold beneath my bare feet.
raising onto my tiptoes, i bit his ear.
but i won the war.
we will see about that.
he whipped me around and smacked my ass.
i can not wait to get you home.
i cooed at the promise in his words.
but how are we going to get past the reporters.
he wrapped his arms around me and squeezed.
i do not know if you have noticed, but i am kind of a big guy.
some would even say intimidating.
let me handle it.
stepping around me, he pulled the massage table away from the door.
ready.
he took my hand and gripped the door handle.
yes.
i nodded.
when he opened the door, at least a dozen people crowded around, their phones and cameras focused on the two of us.
shouted questions ensued as easton pushed through them, keeping me close.
i did not look up, hoping against hope my face would not be all over sports websites within moments.
back the fuck up.
braden elbowed some of them away and pointed toward a back hallway.
easton nodded and led me away.
his scowling coach was standing at the entrance to the hall, but he let us pass before re taking his post and preventing the media from following us any farther.
home free.
easton pulled me into his side and slowed his pace.
you okay.
fine.
i took a deep, steadying breath, and caught the outline of someone leaning against the wall near the double doors ahead.
