let is begin at fifty thousand u.s.
dollars.
the girl shakes, tears falling down her face and onto the tan lines of her pert breasts.
a cacophony of bids rings out, the number spiraling higher and higher.
finally, one man in the front row in an over the top armani suit wins out.
his wrinkled skin expands with his smile, and he speaks rapid french to the assistant at his side.
the girl is removed from the post.
she cries but does not struggle as the guard takes her back to the slave quarters behind the stage.
care for a treat.
ibiza slides into my lap, blocking my view of the stage as the next girl a redhead is brought out.
i thought i made clear this is my operation.
you are just here to get the other girls.
i narrow my eyes as arnan starts his spiel about the red haired beauty from south carolina.
i will.
she leans back and whispers in my ear.
and then i am coming for collette.
she slides her hand down to my cock.
i want to grab her by the neck and let her know just how wrong she is, but giving myself away is not an option.
the mission comes first.
collette comes first.
she pouts when i do not rise at her touch.
what is the matter, cash.
can not get it up.
that is never a problem for me i smirk and stare into her eyes.
at least it is not when i see something i want.
she hisses and pulls her hand away.
asshole.
clear out, merc.
i jerk my chin up and she stands, her perfect body blocking my view for a few more moments before she struts away and offers opium candies to the men in other rows.
ibiza is a beautiful woman, but i did not come here for her.
the redhead goes to the highest bidder, and then another girl is brought out, then another, and another.
they are all sold in turn, some of the bids reaching over half a million dollars.
anticipation grows in the crowd, their appetites whetted for the main course.
i shift in my seat, my right hand tingling for the feel of cold metal and the recoil of a shot.
collette is quite the prize, and i expect her to be the final auction.
my eyes are greedy for her, though not in the same way as the other men here.
i want her because i know her.
i studied every scrap of information on her before i left for the middle east.
now, with her so close, my cock tries to stiffen in my pants.
would her hair smell the same as her pillow case.
arnan circles to the front of the podium.
and finally, the crown jewel of this auction.
a girl who has stolen my heart.
he rests his hand on his chest for dramatic effect.
she will fight, gents.
she will make you work for it.
but once you get a taste of the untouched promised land between her legs, you will know heaven.
he snaps his fingers at the door, and in one blinding moment, collette appears.
her long brown hair hangs in waves down her back, and her frightened blue eyes search the crowd.
i sit a little straighter even though at i am already taller than every man here and will her to look at me.
she will not know who i am, but i want her gaze for myself.
she complies, her blues flitting past me and then back, hanging on me as she is hauled up to the platform.
high, plump breasts accentuate a narrow waist and the flare of perfect hips.
her skin glows, warm and pale in the light.
she is a vision.
the crowd quiets, all eyes on the beauty for sale.
i let my gaze slide down her gorgeous tits with pink nipples, past her navel, and finally to the bare pussy on display.
my cock grows hard, and i have to force myself to focus.
the plan would only work one way.
my way.
pure, perfect, and with a spirit that would be admirable if only it were instilled in a man.
arnan grins and rubs a lock of her hair between his thumb and forefinger.
i imagine severing his hand from his body.
she tilts her chin up, trying to be brave, though i see the fear in her eyes.
she comes from a family of good genes, very smart.
perfect for breeding once you tire of the joys of her flesh.
let is start the bidding at two hundred thousand u.s.
dollars.
arnan retreats into the shadow at the back of the stage as collette tries to keep it together.
her chin trembles as men let out bloodthirsty cries in an attempt to buy her virginity.
the bidding continues, fast and frequent, until the number tops two million dollars.
only two men remain the egyptian id tangled with on the steps, and a chinese businessman.
they vie back and forth until, finally, the turbaned egyptian offers two and a half million.
the chinese businessman on the front row hems and haws until he finally takes his seat.
the egyptian gives a self satisfied smirk and climbs to the platform to inspect his wares.
the blond merc and a couple of other egyptian men follow at his back, eyeing the prize right along with their master.
arnan steps from the shadows.
this concludes the auction.
congratulations to the winners.
payment is due immediately to hadnan.
he points to the same attendant from the front door who is now set up at a small table near the exit to my right.
the egyptian pinches collette chin between his thumb and forefinger and pulls her face toward his.
he whispers something to her that makes her flinch.
rage courses through my blood, and that is all i want blood.
but the egyptian is fouling up the plan, delaying collette release from the post.
some of the disappointed bidders rise to leave, and arnan hurries up the stairs ahead of them.
this is not part of the plan.
arnan is getting away, and i am running out of time.
collette is still chained.
i catch movement around the back of the room near the door to the slave quarters.
ibiza creeps like a cat, one guard bleeding out at her feet.
she stalks the grand prize in the center of the platform.
i will have to beat her to it.
fuck.
i put one hand in my suit coat, palming my silenced pistol.
i catch a glint of the blade in ibiza palm as she approaches collette.
i have to move.
the merc forces my hand.
i pull two pill sized containers from my pocket, shake them up, and throw them before closing my eyes.
a thunderous boom and a flash of light freezes everyone in the room everyone but ibiza and me.
i shoot out the lights and dash up to the stage.
the egyptian buyer shrieks and falls off the edge of the platform with a thunk.
the room becomes a tumult, the rest of the bastards scurrying out and up the stairs like rats.
one of the buyer guards still stands, but no longer speaks, because of the blade buried deep in his neck.
the buyer scrambles up and rushes out with the rest as the blond merc starts firing at me.
he ducks behind the platform, and i return his shots, trying to peg him through the wood of the stage.
splinters fly, and he does not pop up again.
the egyptian guard crashes to the ground next to collette.
ibiza works on picking the lock and already has one cuff loose.
collette is dazed like everyone else, but panicked shouting echoes at my back as the buyers flood up the stairs to the main hall.
stand back.
i point my pistol at the shackle holding collette to the spot.
ibiza steps away, but palms another blade.
she still nude from the waist up.
i have seen her hide weapons in some pretty unlikely spots, but she outdone herself this time.
one shot and the metal cuff flies off.
i grip collette hand and yank her from the stage.
she does not make a sound as i pull her behind me, and we follow the stampede of men up the stairs.
she mine, cash, ibiza calls before heading back toward the slave quarters.
her contract specifies she will free the other girls, but she wants the extra bounty and the extra challenge of besting me.
she will win neither.
come and get her, then.
i will be ready when she shows.
ibiza tosses her hair over her shoulder.
oh, i will.
she disappears through the door, and i hear the pained grunts of a few more guards as she goes to work.
i shoot a glance toward the back of the stage where the blond merc fell, but there still no sign of him.
he either dead or scared shitless.
are you going to hurt me.
collette sweet voice meets my ears, the tremble unmistakable.
i will if you do not get a move on.
i keep my tone gruff so she knows i mean business, as i pull her up the stairs.
we stop at the top when greeted by the kalashnikov duo from the front entrance, their guns drawn and the barrels aimed right at me.
chapter three i will kill her.
i pull collette in front of me and point my pistol at her head.
she squeaks, but keeps still.
the egyptian and arnan stand next to the fountain and watch the scene unfold.
you think i am fucking with you.
i press my barrel tight to her temple.
a sob racks her chest, and she whimpers.
her bare skin trembles beneath my cruel touch.
it is a necessary evil, one i will remedy later.
please, she chokes out.
the egyptian balks and motions toward us while talking to arnan.
he wants her bad enough to negotiate.
and they are too amped up to even notice my finger is not on the trigger.
i would not risk collette.
wait.
arnan calls to the guards, then tells them in arabic to stand down.
they grudgingly lower their guns, but keep their dark eyes trained on me.
the ones to my left and my right, too.
alqaraf.
shit, in arabic.
arnan waves for the guards on either side to lower their weapons.
now let her go and you walk away.
i want to laugh.
i never walk away, not until my mission is complete.
technically, my sole mission is to rescue collette.
killing arnan is just a bonus i decided on the moment i discovered the extent of his human trafficking endeavors.
he dead.
he just does not know it yet.
so i let her go, and i walk.
i do not know how i keep the laughter from my voice.
yes.
you will leave here untouched.
you have my word.
your word.
the word of arnan is unbreakable.
he puffs his chest out even farther and takes a step forward.
pompous prick.
i lower my voice and whisper into collette ear, her lilac scent sinking into my veins like my own personal opium.
trust me, collette.
when i say duck, you duck.
a near imperceptible nod from her and i know we are on the same page.
okay, arnan.
because you gave me your word, i am going to let her go.
yes, yes.
he rubs his hands together.
duck.
collette folds, giving me a clear view.
i double tap the kalashnikov twins, bullets in each heart and head, and grab collette wrist, yanking her backwards into the shelter of the stairwell.
bullets rip through the air and lodge in the wall and doors.
the gunfire is almost deafening, and two thuds sound from where the twins bodies hit the deck.
who are you.
collette pants, as i flatten her to the wall beside me.
her skin is like the smoothest silk under my palm.
i can not wait to taste it.
cash remington.
cia.
you are safe now.
thank god.
she covers her face with shaking hands.
i thoughti thought i was going to b be sold and then r you are safe, but you need to do as i say.
exactly as i say.
got it.
she drops her hands to cover her breasts and nods as more bullets ricochet past and shouts echo.
they are going to rush us if we do not move.
up the stairs.
let is go.
i fire a few shots behind us as we dash up the curving steps.
at the top, splendor covers every square inch tapestries, golden statues, and rich paintings line the walls.
we flee, her feet slapping on the tile as i shove her ahead of me.
men yell on the stairs behind us, hot on our heels.
stop.
i reach the same balcony where id seen arnan earlier.
here.
what.
she turns as i squeeze off a few rounds at our pursuers covering fire to keep them at bay.
two braver or dumber men keep rushing forward.
i shoot the first through his right eye.
a puff of crimson explodes from the back of his head.
he takes two more steps.
by the time he drops, his friend has a bad case of lead poisoning to the heart.
i pop him in the head, too, just to be sure, before turning back to collette.
you are doing great.
she nods, her chin trembling.
i reach under the back of my jacket and pull out a grapple gun.
the rope is wire thin, but stronger than anything a hundred times its thickness.
her eyes widen as i point it at the opening above the fountain.
i squeeze the trigger and the grapple gun fires, the line spooling through the air as the hook shoots into open space.
it engages on the roof, and i yank it tight.
come here.
i grip her around her waist.
plaster flies next to our heads as the other guards catch up and release a barrage of bullets.
i depress the trigger on the grapple gun, and the rope threads through the thin pulleys, yanking us out into the courtyard and up into the night.
we stop just short of the roof, dangling high above the fountain.
i shove her up so she can grip the edge of the roof.
she pulls herself to safety as more shots are fired at us from below.
a bullet rips through my calf, and i grunt from the searing pain.
i shoot indiscriminately downward as i swing my body over the lip of the roof.
once i am safe, i peek over the edge.
arnan is standing there trying to console the egyptian buyer.
so long, motherfucker.
i squeeze my trigger, the gunshot music to my ears, and the egyptian goes down in a heap.
arnan runs, and a guard darts in the way and blocks my shot.
fuck.
more bullets whiz by and out into the night.
i climb to my feet and pull collette up with me, her long brown hair blowing in the cool breeze.
this way.
we hurry across the roof as more yells ring out below us.
several of the cars are already gone from the driveway, but the one i want is still there waiting for us.
i drop down to a lower roof, ignoring the burn in my calf, then catch her as she follows.
one more short drop to the ground and we are running across the sand at the side of the palace.
we round the corner toward the front gate and stop.
fifteen men are lined up, guns at the ready.
back.
i yank collette against the palace wall as the guards open fire.
we are pinned down, but can not stay that way.
i reach into my coat pocket and grab the last of my flashbangs.
stay here.
i will be back for you.
close your eyes.
collette gapes at me.
do not leave me.
i have to, but i will come get you in, i glance at my watch no more than twenty six seconds.
can you count to twenty six for me.
she nods.
yes.
good.
close your eyes.
when you hear the explosion, start counting.
explosion.
she grips my jacket.
close them.
i shake the flashbang and toss it around the wall.
she closes her eyes.
after the bright flash and the boom, i jet from our hiding spot.
one mississippi three shots and the closest three men hit the sand, blood gushing from their heads.
i tag four more, torso shots, as i dart to the nearest date tree and crouch behind it.
bullets eat away at the bark as the guards regroup and unload their automatic weapons.
i change out my magazine, fifteen fresh bullets ready to go.
but it is my last clip.
nudging the muzzle of my gun around the tree trunk, i fire blindly and smile when i hear at least two of the men let out pained groans.
i have spent ten of my fifteen bullets, but there are at least six men left.
fuck.
a few more shots whiz past.
i gasp and groan, letting my right foot slide out next to the tree as if i have fallen over.
sand kicks up around it as the assholes try to shoot me.
they miss.
after a few more errant shots, they quiet and begin arguing amongst themselves, trying to decide which one will come to see if i am dead.
i do not give them the chance.
surging from behind the tree, i pop two in the head, two others in the torso, and run at the two left standing.
i squeeze the trigger, but my gun jams.
one of them fires, a bullet clipping my arm right before i barrel into him and knock him back into the sand.
as i dive on top of him, i kick my leg out and knock the other guard off his feet.
one good punch to the throat and the first guard windpipe collapses.
the second guard tries to shoot me, but i grab his barrel, burning my hand, and shove the hot metal onto his face.
he screams as his flesh singes.
i rip the kalashnikov from his hands and use the butt to crush his skull.
his screams stop, and i rush back to where collette is hiding.
ty five, twenty six.
she opens her eyes.
i smile down at her.
come on.
let is get out of here.
slinging the rifle over my shoulder, i lead collette through the mass of bodies and down the cobblestone driveway toward the mclaren.
she barefoot and moving too slowly, so i scoop her into my arms and carry her the rest of the way.
my left leg stings like a bitch, but i can not let up now.
i have her, finally, and nothing is going to take her away from me.
i drop her into the passenger seat.
more guards rush down the stairs of the palace and fire at us.
the back window bursts as i slide into the driver seat and turn the key.
the engine roars to life, and i punch the clutch, ignoring the pain in my leg.
we rip out of the front gate and onto the lane leading through the town market.
squat buildings and carts along the roadside blur past.
before i get too far away, i dig in my jacket pocket and depress a button.
a deep boom rushes through the night, and an orange fireball blooms behind us.
collette screams and covers her ears as the windows rattle and the ground vibrates beneath us.
we are safe.
i squeeze her bare thigh before shifting gears again.
they will not be holding slave auctions in this part of the country anytime soon.
headlights show up behind me in moments as we race into the night.
i shift through the gears like a race car driver, gunning down the rough streets and heading toward the desert.
you did that.
you blew it up.
of course.
i clip a merchant is cart, sending it spinning into the road behind me.
maybe it will slow down our pursuers.
the headlights swerve, but keep coming.
seatbelt, collette.
bullets ping off the back of the car as i take a turn at breakneck speed.
the tires screech as i straighten it out and narrowly avoid another cart left on the street overnight.
collette snaps her seatbelt into place and covers her face.
i have got you.
do not worry.
i pull out the pistol i stashed between the seats.
cash.
is that your name.
my heart warms to hear my name on her perfect lips.
that is right.
thank you.
i roll the window down and fire at the first car on our tail.
i get lucky and nail the driver because the vehicle spins out of control.
not so luckily, two cars remain.
fuck.
i mean, you are welcome.
i pull my gun back in and swerve to avoid a slow car puttering along ahead of me.
the buildings thin out after another half a mile, and then it is only us, the poppy fields, and the two cars on our tail.
they split behind me, chasing me side by side and eating up the pavement faster and faster.
more slugs slam into the back of the car, and it is only a matter of time before they shoot a tire out.
i grip the gear shift.
do you trust me.
she turns to me, her light blue eyes sparkling in what little moonlight filters through the clouds.
yes.
good.
hold on.
i slam on the brakes, and the car skids violently as i keep my eyes on the rearview.
the two pursuers split and go around, both of them jetting out in front of us, gravel and sand spraying up from their tires.
i shove the car back into gear and sink the accelerator to the floor.
the engine roars as we fly forward, and i fire at the left most car.
the back window shatters, glass pinging against our windshield.
a few more shots and the car swerves, rushes out into a poppy field, and rolls several times.
out of commission.
one car left.
a red porsche.
a man leans out of the passenger window and fires an automatic weapon at us, the bullets eating into the hood of the car.
the poppy fields have ended, and we are racing through the open desert.
if i can lose the porsche, collette will be safe.
duck.
i grip her neck and shove her down as the windshield explodes, glass skittering everywhere.
the shots keep coming as the car ahead of me slows.
i release collette and fire several shots.
the man sinks back into the car and fires through the back window instead.
keep your head down.
i holster my pistol and floor it, working the gear shift like a musical instrument.
a shot grazes my ear as i pull up to their car.
too fucking close.
i dart out next to the passenger side and cut the wheel hard to the left, winging their back fender.
the car skids, but the driver gets it under control and straightens out as the passenger stops firing, likely to reload.
it is now or never.
i pull up again and veer to the right, then pull hard left again.
i spin him out this time, the porsche skidding sideways at a vicious angle until the tires gain purchase again and shoot the car into a sand dune.
the brake lights die in my rearview mirror, and i am finally alone with collette.
chapter four you can sit up.
they are gone.
the road stretches out ahead of us, sand covering the patchy blacktop.
the moon finally emerges from the clouds and shows us the way to safer territory.
you are bleeding.
she touches my ear and brings away reddened fingertips.
it is nothing.
my calf throbs bad enough to make the shot to my ear negligible.
you are not hurt, are you.
she moves her arms over her breasts and crosses her legs at the knee.
i do not think so.
i am j just in shock.
i catch her big blue eyes in my gaze.
you are in shock.
hang on.
i maneuver to the roadside and pull up behind a dune to hide us from any other pursuers.
what are you doing.
she asks.
i get out and shrug off my jacket.
here.
she unbuckles her seatbelt so i can drape the jacket across her back.
she tugs the fabric around her shoulders.
thank you.
when she pulls the lapel to her nose and inhales as if my scent were delicious, my cock comes alive.
i want her bent over the hood of the car and screaming her pleasure into the night.
but now is not the time.
i yank my bowtie loose and open the top buttons of my shirt.
she watches with interest, her eyes glittering, and fuck if my cock does not jerk against my zipper.
i slide back behind the wheel.
we have an hour ride before we get to the airstrip that will get us out of here.
you good.
she nods and snuggles into my jacket more.
i am now.
we pull out onto the highway again for the ride.
the car is already making some whining noises, the bullets not great for its performance.
even if it goes tits up, i will get collette to the air strip.
it would not be my first time stranded in a desert.
so you are like, a secret agent.
her voice barely makes it over the roar of air through the busted windshield.
i work for the u.s.
government, and i was tasked with bringing you home safe and sound.
she lets her eyes wander over the barren dunes and then brings her attention back to me.
i can feel her gaze tracing the strong line of my jaw, the shape of my adam apple.
my cock remains at full mast, desperate for her.
i still can not believe i am here.
the past two days are like some sort of nightmare.
i swerve to avoid a scampering lizard and keep pushing the whining engine.
how were you taken.
i was asleep.
no, let me back up.
i started talking to this guy on the internet.
gabe.
he was a student at my school.
we had a lot in common, and he wanted to meet me.
i have not, um, i have not really dated anyone.
but he seemed so nice.
she shook her head and dropped her gaze.
but there was no gabe.
i should never have arranged to meet him at his place.
that was so stupid.
i reach over and take her hand.
for a moment, i wonder if she will cringe away from me, but she does not.
she lets me touch her, and i breathe more deeply than i have since i jumped from my airplane.
you could not have known.
they took me.
put some sort of, she gestures to her face i do not know, chloroform or something.
i woke up on an airplane, but they stuck me with a needle, and i was out again.
the next time i woke up, i was in a cell, naked.
theyd shaved my a blush creeps into her pale cheeks.
i squeeze her hand.
that is how these scumbags operate.
smoke and mirrors.
but they took the wrong girl this time.
i told them my father was an important man.
that hed pay ransom.
but they did not listen.
they said i was more valuable as a slave.
she shakes her head again, as if to clear it.
i mean, is this a nightmare.
am i going to wake up.
a tear rolls down her face, and i wipe it away with my thumb.
you are safe now.
i promise.
she squeezes my hand.
i know.
thank you.
i try and turn her mind to lighter thoughts.
so, you are studying to be a doctor.
she laughs a little.
how do you know.
i shrug.
part of the mission.
i need to know my target.
makes sense.
she nibbles at her bottom lip, and i wonder what her teeth would feel like on my skin.
so, your schoolwork.
i want to keep her talking, to keep her mind off what she been through.
she sandwiches my hand in between hers.
right, i want to be a psychiatrist.
at least i think that is what i want.
maybe a surgeon.
i can not decide.
those seem very different.
i keep glancing behind us.
unexpected company would be particularly unwelcome at this point, given the car is beginning to lurch and the whines from the engine are growing louder.
they are.
i guess i just need to think about it some more.
how did you become a spy.
i laugh.
i am an agent, not a spy.
i am definitely a spy.
and that is an old story one best told over a few drinks.
can not be that old.
she peers at my face, squinting a little.
how old are you.
i glance at her.
older than you.
how did this interrogation get turned around.
you could tarnish my agent credentials.
well, we can not have that.
she laughs, and it makes me want to hear the full range of every sound she could make, including saying my name as she comes.
i am pleased she comfortable enough to laugh with me, my hand still in hers as we maintain a breakneck pace through the cool desert.
after a comfortable silence, her scrutinizing me all the while, i see the lights of the airfield.
home free.
a supply plane waits to take us to rome, and from there, we will hop a jet back to the united states.
the car begins to jerk, wheezing and whining down the rutted lane to the landing strip.
we are not going to make it.
i gun it as hard as i can, cruising toward the promise of safety.
after some more screeching noises, the car gives out and we roll forward in silence.
we come to a stop fifty yards away from the plane.
stick close to me.
once we are in the air, we are good.
i climb out and scan the area.
nothing jumps out at me, but i feel something someone has eyes on us.
hurry.
we are striding toward the plane when the purr of a motor catches my ear.
get behind me.
i turn and track a black suv with its lights off whizzing through the desert.
i fire two shots, and the front tires deflate, but it keeps coming.
it is only twenty yards out when i unleash five bullets into the windshield.
it slows and rolls to a stop.
a man opens the driver side door and falls out with a groan.
stay here.
i walk to the man and kick his pistol from his hand.
he riddled with bullets, but i am not taking any chances.
a quick shot to the forehead, and he taken care of.
no one else is in the car.
cash.
collette screams.
bullets ping off the suv, and i dive behind it.
you, american cunt.
arnan voice rings out into the night.
come out or i shoot her.
he must have crept around the car while i checked the suv.
fucker.
i ease out from behind the vehicle and keep my pistol pointed at arnan.
drop it or i shoot.
spittle flies from his lips, and he presses his barrel against collette ear.
cash, she whimpers and grips arnan forearm at her throat.
he tightens his hold and stares at me.
i am not fucking around.
all right.
just do not shoot her.
i gauge the distance, the light wind, the positon of arnan head in relation to collette above and to the left.
i make a show of lowering my weapon.
my movements are slow, calm.
when i get to one knee, i flip the pistol up and fire.
arnan staggers and then falls straight back as collette screams.
i rise to my feet and walk to them.
collette clutches my arm.
i put one more bullet in arnan heart before turning back to her.
you shot him.
b but you could have shot me.
her voice shakes.
not a chance.
i take her elbow and hustle her to the plane.
i never miss.
once inside, i sit her down in one of the few seats along the wall in front of the netted cargo area.
fasten your seatbelt.
we will be in the air in no time.
i pull the entry door shut and seal it before walking to the cockpit.
farjoo.
i clap the supply plane pilot on the back.
the agency paid him good money to pick us up and get us out of the country, and he does not disappoint.
he fires up the engines and turns to grin at me, the gap in his front teeth big enough to put my pinky through.
sir.
he nods.
let is go.
no co pilot.
i glance to the empty seat.
i thought your son usually flies with you.
not this trip.
new grandson.
just born.
he speaks in a thick indian accent and his grin is even bigger.
fine.
let is get out of here.
yes, sir.
he engages the engines, and we begin to roll forward.
the air strip is nothing more than well compacted sand, but it does the job as we gain speed.
i head back to collette.
she sits with her knees pulled up and her arms wrapped around her legs.
i take the seat next to her and sling my arm around her shoulders as the plane accelerates.
the scent of her hair takes me back to her dorm room the photos of her cat pinned behind her computer monitor, and the cute doodles she made on her notes from class.
the acceleration presses her into me as the engines roar.
she shaking again.
i wrap my arms around her.
we take off, the rough runway left behind as we glide through the night sky toward freedom.
the engines continue their loud song as we climb and climb.
i hold her until we level out and the engines fall to background noise.
i stretch my legs out, the ache a dull thump in my veins.
she gasps.
you have been shot.
she unbuckles her seatbelt and slides to the floor, ripping up my pants leg.
holy shit.
her small fingers touch along the bullet wound.
it is fine, really.
it went through.
the slight sting of her touch makes me want more.
she looks up at me.
her big blue eyes are the sort that will stay bright for the rest of her life always interested, curious, and enticing.
do you think there a first aid kit.
on this rust bucket.
not a chance.
i raise an eyebrow and shake my head.
you need something to stop the bleeding.
she glances around and seizes on a burlap sack.
getting to her feet, she walks to it on unsteady legs and rips off a piece, grain spilling to the floor.
you really do not have to do that.
i lean back.
despite my words, i am enjoying that she wants to play doctor with me.
she returns and kneels down before making quick work of her makeshift bandage.
tying it tight, she sits back and admires her handiwork.
i suppose it will have to do until we get back to civilization.
she plops next to me again.
thanks.
sure.
she drops her eyes, demure again.
but then she freezes.
what about the other girls.
oh my god, i have not even thought about them.
i am a horrible person.
sandy was from south carolina, and quinn was from florida.
there was another one.
i can not remember her name her eyes are wide with panic.
shh, we got them.
do not worry.
i lean over and pull a package from beneath my seat and rip into it.
a phone drops into my lap.
i swipe across the screen and enter my digit agent code.
a message pops up mission status.
i type back.
completed.
other girls.
i wait for a few moments.
safe.
debrief in rome.
i smother a smile.
i will debrief in rome all right, with collette underneath me and clawing at my back.
i slide the phone into my pocket.
the other girls are safe.
she lets out her breath in a whoosh.
thank god.
i would not have forgiven myself.
she pins me with her bright gaze.
why did not you save them, too.
you were my mission.
the other girls did not have a father responsible for over half of the united states civil defense dollars spent on tech.
i shrug.
that is horrible.
she shakes her head and scoots away from me.
i want to yank her into my lap, but i stay still.
i will get her in my hands later.
she deserves fond memories of the time she was kidnapped and almost sold into an egyptian harem.
i want to erase the terror she must have felt and replace it with heat.
and i will.
once we land.
i trace the outline of her sweet face with my gaze, and i want to run my fingers along the same path.
they are safe and so are you.
that is all that matters, right.
she nibbles her pink lip again, her even white teeth biting what is mine.
you are right, i guess.
yeah.
she relaxes and leans toward me.
we sit in silence for a while, and she nestles against me more and more with every passing moment.
i want to ask about her life, her school, what drew her to medicine.
but her breathing evens out, and she asleep against my chest.
i let her rest.
something inside me warms at the thought of her feeling safe enough with me to let herself go like this.
the plane shudders as it hits some turbulence, and some of the boxes behind the cargo netting shift.
she rouses against me.
i catch movement in the cargo bay, and then the glint of gunmetal.
cash.
i sigh and stare down yet another barrel.
ibiza.
chapter five ibiza swipes the cargo netting aside and walks over to us.
collette cringes into my side.
the merc tsks.
i will not hurt you, beautiful.
not unless you ask nicely.
she tosses a parachute pack at collette feet, keeping her gun trained on me.
put it on.
cash.
collette voice wavers.
ibiza finger caresses the trigger, more than ready to blow my brains all over the side of the airplane.
she got me.
for now.
do it.
she wants the bounty money your father put out for your rescue.
she will not harm you.
i inch my hand closer to my holster.
i would not, cash.
my trigger finger is feeling a bit itchy after the stunt you pulled at arnan house.
she pats her breast through her skin tight black top.
her dark hair is pulled back in a high ponytail, and a parachute is already strapped to her back.
you are going to jump.
i affect a nonchalant tone.
we have not even cleared turkey yet.
going to land in a war zone.
join up with the terrorists.
do not be an idiot.
her accent has changed to french.
in the time it takes her to get her chute on, we will have cleared the aegean sea.
so a greek vacation, then.
ibiza smirks, her red lips splitting enough for me to see her perfect white teeth.
i want to split her lip with a backhand, give them a more natural crimson color.
come on.
hurry it up.
she takes another step forward as collette tries to strap the pack to her back.
i move my hand slowly toward the butt of my gun.
ibiza fires a round over my head.
it pierces the metal above me as if the plane is nothing more than a soda can.
wind whistles through the hole, and i ease my fingers away from my gun.
fuck.
next time, i shoot to kill.
fuck you, ibiza.
i can not believe she got the drop on me like this.
my need for collette clouded my judgment.
we already did that.
remember.
she yanks collette from the floor and backs away toward the door.
farjoo had lowered his altitude to jump height.
i should have noticed.
i did not.
collette was all i could think about.
i try to think of some way to stop her, but there is not one as long as she has her gun pointed at my forehead.
ibiza grips the handle to the door and calls, thanks, farjoo.
i hear an answering yell as she pulls the lever, and the door opens inward.
the wind is hellish as ibiza pushes collette out into the cold night.
her frightened eyes are the last thing i see as she lets out a scream.
the sound is abruptly cut off as she disappears from view.
when ibiza jumps, i pull my pistol, but she gone before i have a shot.
i run to the door and hang on, staring down into the inky black of night.
there only one thing to do.
i jump.
a line of lights below me shows the greek shoreline approaching.
now all i have to do is find collette and ibiza before i hit the ground.
the wind burns my eyes.
i squint against the onslaught and search the sky.
i spot them a hundred yards away, ibiza gripping collette arm as they fall.
bringing my arms in tight to my body, i maneuver through the icy wind, aiming straight for them at an even faster clip.
i am able to get close because ibiza is only looking for her landing zone beneath her, not me above her.
she lets go of collette arm and reaches for her rip cord.
i make my move and barrel into ibiza, sending her spinning into the night.
i pull collette to me as we plummet to the earth, the window for opening her chute closing rapidly.
she wraps her legs around me, and i grip around her back, holding her tight.
with one hard yank, i pull the rip cord and hold onto her for all i am worth.
she screams as the parachute opens and slows our descent with a hard jerk.
her scream dies in my ear.
cash.
she buries her face in my neck as we float to the earth.
my feet hit the ground and i fall to my back, protecting her against my chest.
we have landed on the shoreline, soft sand beneath me and the lapping waves of the sea in my ears.
is there anything better than jumping out of an airplane in the dark, with no landing zone, and without a parachute.
of course not.
are you all right.
i smooth her hair from her face.
i i jumped out of an airplane.
her bottom lip trembles.
i smile and sit up with her in my lap.
i know.
i palm my pistol and fire a shot next to ibiza head.
she stands with a hand on her hip and her gun pointed at me.
collette whips her head around and presses back against my chest.
i rest my finger on the trigger.
i will take you out.
i am already pissed about your little jump maneuver.
not to mention i am tired of seeing your fucking gun pointed at my face.
oh, you love it.
she slides her gun into the waistband of her pants and finger combs through her messy ponytail.
i get to my feet and pull collette up with me.
she sheds the parachute pack and hides behind me.
you are not taking her.
ibiza rolls her eyes.
yeah.
i get that.
you seem to be particularly interested in this little assignment.
i am doing my job.
care to share.
she leers at collette, who clutches onto my shirt.
i am quite good with my tongue, little one.
i fire another shot, this one only an inch away from her ear.
collette is mine, and no, i will not be sharing her with anyone, even a fine piece of ass like ibiza.
she frowns and shakes her head.
going to keep all the fun to yourself.
i reach back and put a steadying hand on collette hip.
i am warning you, merc.
if i see so much as your shadow again on this job, i will punch your fucking ticket.
yeah, yeah.
she throws her hands up and turns.
as she walks away, she says over her shoulder, you owe me two million dollars.
come collect whenever you feel like it.
you know where to find me.
she flips me off and disappears into the night.
who was that.
collette fists my shirt.
just an old friend looking for a paycheck.
she gone.
do not worry.
i scan the shoreline and find a set of stairs leading to a row of houses, one of which looks like a small hotel.
shall we.
i take collette hand and lead her through the sand and up the steep steps.
she still shivering, but i intend to have her warmed up shortly.
the stairs give way to a lane lined with quaint mediterranean homes, and we walk until we come to the larger building with a pool overlooking the ocean.
i stroll in, collette at my back, and approach the small counter.
a younger man plays on his phone and looks up with a smile at our approach.
id like a room for the night, please.
best you have got.
i say it in greek, and the young man nods.
the young man eyes the blood on my shirt and begins to shake his head.
i pull out my wallet and pluck five hundred dollar bills from the smooth leather.
no questions asked.
i offer the money.
he swallows audibly, and takes it.
when he glances at collette, still clad in only my jacket, i lean over the counter and stare him down.
room.
now.
he blanches.
yes.
right.
collette stays close to my back, her body heat warming me all over.
once everything is sorted at the front desk, the young man leads us to the last in a short row of rooms.
the balcony opens to the ocean, and the suite has a king sized bed and a deep soaking tub.
apolfsete ti diamon sas.
he tells me to enjoy my stay, though his eyes wander to collette.
efcharist.
i thank him, and he shuts the door with a wink on his way out.
collette stands at the window and stares out at the moon on the ocean.
i have never been to greece before.
her soft voice is tipped with wonder.
i walk up behind her and put my hands on her shoulders.
they feel like they belong there.
it is a beautiful country.
it truly is, but i can only see her.
she shivers, and i do not know if it is from the cold or my touch.
i drop a kiss on her crown and she leans back into me.
you saved me twice.
i run my hands to her waist.
just doing my job.
my cock is already straining against my zipper, desperate to get inside her.
but i will take my time.
instead of bending her over the railing like my cock demands, i walk to the bathroom and start drawing a hot bath.
then i shuck my pants off and remove her makeshift tourniquet.
the wound is as clean as it can be, straight through the muscle.
i have had worse.
collette.
i strip my shirt off and toss it onto the vanity as she walks in hesitantly, her head bowed and her eyes down.
take the jacket off and get in the bath.
her shyness only taunts the beast inside me.
i want her naked, showing me all her secrets and yielding to my every desire.
my eyes are desperate to see all of her again, my hands over eager to touch her soft skin.
i turn the knob and stop the pour of steaming hot water.
but you are in here.
her voice is so soft, like a rose petal, and color rises in her cheeks.
i strip my boxers off and walk to her.
she looks up now, to avoid seeing my erection.
i smile at her bashfulness as i slide my hands down the lapel of my jacket she still wearing.
i undo the buttons as she stares at me, her eyes fearful, but also full of a heat that i want to stoke until she a raging fire.
the jacket slides to the floor with a little push.
and now it is just collette and me.
nothing else between us.
i tip her chin up and taste her lips for the first time.
she tentative, unsure.
i run my hand up her smooth back and tangle my fingers in her hair.
giving a slight tug, i pull her head back and slant my mouth over hers.
that gets her hands on me, where i want them.
i run my tongue along the seam of her lips, daring her to open them for me.
her hands travel to my chest, my abs, and then to my back.
her breasts press into me, the tips hard and tantalizing.
i need them in my mouth, but i want her surrender first.
all of it.
i want her to give me her virginity like a gift, something to treasure and keep, and i also need her submission.
with the way she melts under my touch, i know i will have everything i want, and soon.
she opens her lips just enough for me to dart my tongue inside.
i groan into her mouth and pull her hair harder.
she opens her mouth with a soft cry, and i slide my tongue against hers, finally mastering her.
i run my other hand down to her ass and press her against me.
she jerks at the touch of my cock against her stomach, but i do not let her escape.
instead, i squeeze her ass and massage her tongue with mine.
she slowly relaxes and begins to respond, soft sounds coming from her throat.
i have to get inside her, but i need her ready first.
i let go of her hair and reach down to her ass, lifting her easily and sitting her on the vanity.
i keep kissing her, giving her no reprieve as i palm her breasts.
she moans as i rub my thumbs back and forth across her hard nipples.
i swallow the sound and pinch the stiff peaks between my thumbs and forefingers, twisting lightly.
when her fingernails dig into my sides, i wrap my arms around her and kiss down her neck, biting and licking to her shoulder as she pants.
her skin is sweet, the taste rich on my tongue.
i savor it, devouring her slowly and with single minded purpose.
i i have never done this before.
her throaty whisper bounces around my skull.
i do not know if i should i nip at her neck a little harder.
i want her here, in this moment with me.
there no room for worry.
you do not have to do anything you do not want to.
reaching behind her, i fist her hair in one hand and lick her nipple.
it is easy for me to tell her that, when i know she wants what i have to give.
i can taste her anticipation, her desire.
i run my teeth along her tight bud and clamp down.
cash.
she arches and moans for me, and i am desperate to shove inside her.
i take my time, licking and sucking one nipple before moving to the next.
i tease her until she is gripping my head, her nails stinging as they sink into my scalp.
i kiss down her stomach.
she trembles beneath my lips and i keep going, drawn down to her sweet pussy.
her legs are open just wide enough for me to stand between them.
i kneel and kiss the inside of her knee and up her thigh, pushing her leg wider as i go.
when i reach her bare pussy, i place a gentle kiss on her clit.
she jerks and puts her hands in my hair.
i want to dive in and swallow her sweet taste, coat my tongue in her scent, but i slow down.
i attend to her other leg, kissing up from her knee and ending at her pussy.
when i swirl my tongue around her clit, she drops her head back and moans.
i have her where i want her.
i flatten my palms against her thighs and spread her wide.
her pussy glistens, wet and pink, and i have never wanted to taste something so badly in my life.
i lick her entrance.
she tight, and her thighs begin to close.
not a chance.
i move to her clit and run the flat of my tongue against her several times, lapping up her wetness and giving her every bit of contact she needs.
her legs open wider, and i lick lower, tasting all of her.
when i stab my tongue inside her, she tenses again, but i ease it in and out, using my upper lip to massage her clit.
she relaxes again, and i am free to taste her.
i do.
i tease for minutes on end, licking at her until she builds almost to a climax, and then diving down lower and fucking her with my tongue.
now she moving her hips, giving in to the pleasure.
my cock has been rock hard the entire time, pre come leaking from the tip.
i return to her clit, seizing it between my lips and sucking as i move a finger to her entrance.
i press inside her slowly, and she does not stop grinding on my face.
i groan my approval and flick my tongue across her nub, moving my finger in and out in a slow rhythm.
her wetness coats my finger, and i ease a second in, her pussy gripping me as i stretch her slowly.
i go in for the kill, lashing her clit with my tongue over and over as i fuck her harder with my fingers.
cash, oh my god.
she digs her fingers into my scalp.
i grin at her words, but do not stop.
her legs start to shake.
i plunge my fingers deep and curl them, rubbing her sweet spot as i tongue her.
her hips seize, and she comes on a cry, my name on her lips as her pussy clamps down on my fingers.
i suck her clit, wringing every bit of sensation from her as she moans low and long.
when her muscles relax, she leans back against the mirror, her eyelids half mast as she stares at me.
you just i just i get to my feet and lick her taste from my fingers.
you just came all over my face.
i just ate your pussy.
i want to do it again.
but first i pull her to me and carry her to the bed.
i thought we were going to take a bath.
her eyes grow wider as i lay her down and stalk on top of her.
we will.
after.
i bite her lip and settle my weight down on her small frame, holding myself up by my elbows.
her plump tits press against my chest, and i groan when my cock head makes contact with her hot, wet flesh.
i am not sure i i am sure.
i kiss to her collarbone and lick along it while my cock slides lower to her entrance.
she tenses, and i move back up, catching her gaze.
it will hurt.
she fidgets beneath me, which makes my cock threaten to explode all over her warm pussy.
yes, for only a moment.
then i am going to make it feel so good.
i drop a kiss on her lips.
do you trust me.
she stills and stares up at me, her eyes like two luminous pools of deep water.
yes.
spread for me as far as you can.
i take her lips again and press my tongue between them.
her legs open wider.
she opens her mouth as i push my tip into her just the slightest bit.
she so tight, like a fist squeezing me, and i groan at the thought of what she will feel like once i am balls deep.
breaking the kiss, i ask, are you okay.
she nods, and i ease in a little further, her slick walls clamping down on me with perfect pressure.
oh.
she wrinkles her nose at my intrusion.
i kiss her again, easing my tongue in and out to the same rhythm as my cock, just barely entering and withdrawing.
soon she panting and moaning, her hips rocking up to meet me.
i have been trying to keep myself on lockdown, but every movement, every sound goes right to my cock.
i push inside farther, and she squeezes her eyes shut.
almost there.
relax for me.
she lets her knees fall open, and i take the opportunity, easing all the way inside her hot pussy.
i am squeezed perfectly, and my balls are already drawn tight to my body.
that was the worst of it.
i drop more kisses on her lips as she slowly opens her eyes again.
i let out a breath and kiss slowly down to her tits, attending to her hard nipples as her body adjusts to me.
when she starts to move her hips, i groan and bury my face between her breasts.
like this.
she keeps moving, and i bite her nipple to show my appreciation.
she digs her tiny nails into my shoulders, and i can not hold back any longer.
i have to take all of her.
now.
i thrust hard and deep, and she gasps.
i shove forward again, and she cries out, but when i look at her, her eyes are glazed with lust, not pain.
i pull out to the tip and shove inside again, stretching her pussy and starting a hard rhythm.
our bodies slap together, and her moans grow more insistent as i fuck her hard and fast, needing to leave my bruises on her thighs, my teeth marks on her neck.
she holds on for the ride as i plunge inside her again and again, her slick pussy taking all of me.
oh my god.
i i her walls squeeze me even tighter, and then she shaking.
fuck yes.
i ram her as she comes, and her eyes roll back in her head.
i need every bit of contact, every inch of her soft skin against mine.
my balls are ready to empty inside her, but i am not.
i need to fuck her wilder, to give her everything i have got.
she scratches down my shoulders and then goes limp beneath me as her orgasm subsides.
i pull out and flip her over onto her stomach.
she flails a bit as i pull her ass up to me.
in one smooth stroke, i am buried deep inside her.
her face is in the pillow, her cry muffled, as i pound her from behind.
the smacks of my thighs into her ass are like gunshots.
i reach down and grab a fistful of her hair.
i pull so her arms are straight and her back is arched at a hellish angle.
my skin tingles every time it rushes to meet hers, and i know i am going to blow if i keep at it like this.
but her pale skin in the moonlight demands i keep working her.
i lean over her and whisper in her ear, how do you like getting a cock for the first time.
she moans and tries to let her head fall, but i will not allow it.
my grip tightens until she forced to look at me while i fuck her.
i, oh god her eyes are half lidded and glassy.
she jerks as i use my other hand to circle her clit.
i bite down on her shoulder and let go of her hair to grab her lush tit.
it is a handful, and i pinch her nipple between my fingers as i surge harder and harder into her tight pussy.
her head lolls forward and she pushes back against me, impaling herself on my cock.
i feel my seed rising, my shaft growing even harder.
i rub her clit faster, needing her to come with me.
the thought of her pussy milking me has me pounding her viciously as my fingers do their magic.
cash.
her breath catches in her throat, and she freezes beneath me as i fuck her without mercy.
and then she squeals out my name and buries her face in the pillows again.
she lets out a muffled moan.
i am going to leave her bruised, but satisfied.
she clamps down on me, tighter than anything i have ever felt.
i come all at once, my balls so tight i fear they will never descend again.
i pump into her, my cock jetting deep inside as her pussy constricts and takes every bit of come i have.
my vision almost goes out from the overload of release, and by the time i am done, i am leaning over her back, panting.
she slowly collapses until she lying on her stomach, my cock still twitching inside her as i kiss her neck and shoulders.
i do not want to crush her, so i pull out slowly and lay next to her, propping my head on my hand.
you okay.
she makes an mmmph sound into the pillow.
oh, shit.
my dick deflates rapidly at the thought i might have hurt her.
collette.
i swipe the hair from her brow and she turns to face me.
a small smile plays along her lips as she stares up at me.
that was wow i have left you speechless.
i smile and run my thumb over her swollen lips.
i do not even know how to describe it.
her smile grows until she buries her face in the pillow again.
i lie back and reach over to rub her back and ass.
you are going to be sore, i am afraid.
come on, let is get in the bath.
it will help.
i stand and pull her up with me.
she walks gingerly ahead of me and bends over to test the water.
her shyness is gone, her body beautiful in the low light.
still hot.
i slide into the water and pull her in with me, settling her between my legs, facing away from me.
she limp, soft, and trusting.
i grab the bar of soap and toss the wrapper.
working up a lather, i rub her shoulders, pressing my thumbs deep into her back.
she already malleable under my hands, and it does not take long until she lying back against me, her eyes closed and her breaths deep and even.
my cock is pressed against her round ass and wants to come back to life, but he will have to wait.
collette is going to be sore for a while after my brand of fucking.
i lather her up and rinse away the horrors of her past few days.
when we are done, the sand and desert grit flow down the drain as i towel her off.
her eyes are half open as i carry her to the bed.
i lie on my back and hold her in the crook of my arm.
she snuggles against me as my eyes close and i breathe her in.
i whip the sheet over us, the fans overhead making lazy circles as the ocean sounds waft through the room.
she lets out a long yawn and drapes a knee over my upper thigh.
i fall asleep with her taste still on my lips.
i wake only a few hours later.
cash.
collette husky voice has my cock standing at attention.
the muzzle pressed under my chin not so much.
chapter six i open my eyes.
collette kneels on the bed, the egyptian blond bodyguard standing behind her.
what the fuck.
i eye my gun in her hand, knowing i could take it away in a split second.
problem is the blond merc.
he has a good chance of popping me before i can get my hands on it.
no, cash.
she pulls the hammer back, a sultry pout on her lips.
just do him, and let is get out of here.
the merc runs a hand through his hair, keeping his pistol trained on me.
we do not have time.
we have a little time.
collette straddles me, a devilish glint in her eye.
the merc throws his free hand up and scowls.
make it quick.
she keeps the gun pointed at my face, her finger on the trigger.
i smile and thread my fingers together behind my head.
with a glance to the merc, i say, i did not know youd be into a threesome so soon.
oh, cash.
she grinds her pussy along my erection.
i had you convinced it was my first time, did not i.
poor, innocent me needing to be rescued from the big bad slave auction.
she laughs, the sound like a pleasant wind chime.
i lift my hips, my cock surging against her panties.
i see i was mistaken.
she licks the hammer of the pistol, her tongue flirting with my death.
yes, you were.
and now luc had to chase me all over just to find me here.
so, he all grumpy.
are not you, baby.
just off him.
jesus, we are already late.
i am getting to it.
she runs her fingernail down my chest.
i met luc online.
he my boyfriend.
luc runs a hand through his hair again, as if he contemplating the foolishness of getting involved with collette.
we just hit it off, you know.
i nod.
like, love.
but luc worked for mr.
bitar and could not just up and come to california without getting a a she frowns.
bounty.
luc bites out, his voice strained.
her eyes light.
right, a bounty on him for leaving mr.
bitar.
but you took care of that.
she puts the gun to my temple and leans down to kiss me.
her tongue is much bolder this time, invading my mouth and seeking me out.
i unclasp my hands and grab her hips, rocking her hot pussy along my erection.
breaking our kiss on a pant, she takes one of my hands and presses it to her breast.
fuck, collette.
luc turns, no longer interested in seeing his girl grinding on my cock.
sure you do not have time for another round before you pull the trigger.
mmm.
she leans back and waggles a finger at me.
not again.
luc and i have places to be, secret codes to sell, governments to bring down.
besides, i do not want to make him mad.
she lowers her voice to a stage whisper.
he already miffed that we did it once.
can not blame a guy for getting it while it is hot.
i smirk.
she shrugs and levels the pistol at me again.
so long, cash.
i guess i am the spy now.
i buck hard as she pulls the trigger.
the shot cracks through the room as the bullet lodges in the pillow next to my head.
she lets out a shriek and plummets to the floor as luc fires at me.
i drop next to her and pull her to my front as she scratches and kicks.
my gun skitters along the floor and out of reach.
i have her.
stop shooting or i will snap her goddamn neck.
kill him, baby.
she tries to kick her heel back to my balls, but i trap her leg between mine and squeeze her neck until she stops fighting.
just let her go, and we will walk.
okay.
luc voice is quiet.
walk to the door and step outside.
close the door behind you.
i can not do that.
let her go.
i squeeze collette neck tighter.
cash.
luc calls.
i ignore him.
he moves to step around the bed.
i would not if i were you.
i finally release collette neck, and she gasps for air.
go, she croaked.
just go outside.
he will kill me if you do not.
coll go.
i roar.
i watch under the bed as his feet retreat.
he hesitates at the door, but eventually follows my instructions and steps outside.
collette whimpers.
now let me go, and you will never see us again.
do not be an idiot.
i am taking you back to the u.s.
i shove her against the side of the bed and snatch up my gun.
you can not.
i will not go back.
she crosses her arms over her chest and stares up at me.
you can not make me.
do not move.
i grab my boxers and pants and yank them on, keeping an eye on her the whole time.
you are going back.
i never fail my missions.
i do not care where you go or what you do after that.
i laugh.
though i will be sure and tell the agency about your little secret selling venture.
you would not.
her chin trembles as i shred her plan piece by piece.
i will.
now, get the fuck up.
it is time to go.
i wave the gun at her, and she gets to her feet.
luc will rescue me.
she kicks her chin up.
yeah.
i walk up to her and wrench her hands behind her back.
that is another little kink in your plan.
sorry, but i am going to kill your boyfriend.
i tie her wrists together with my belt and shove her forward toward the door.
he will kill you before you have a chance.
we will see.
luc.
i call.
silence.
he playing coy.
how adorable.
i wrench the door open and push collette out first.
the walkway is empty.
i scan every shadow, every spot where he could hide.
he must be playing the long game because he nowhere close.
the walk to the front desk is open to the road and the hill beyond.
i do not like it.
walk.
i keep one hand on her shoulder and my gun up at her other ear.
keep it slow.
do you even know where you are going.
i do not have to.
as long as i have got you, i am on track.
a shot cracks nearby.
i flatten myself to the wall, pulling collette with me.
fucking shit.
ibiza staggers out of a doorway ahead of us and collapses.
come on.
i scan the area again, but do not see luc on the moonlit road or hiding among the bushes next to the hotel.
i kneel down and drag collette onto her ass.
lifting gently, i lean ibiza against the wall of an alcove, shielded from the street.
you okay.
ibiza lifts her head and pulls her hand away from a wound on her abdomen.
perfect.
never better.
she losing blood fast.
fuck.
i put her hand back.
a blond merc.
almost as handsome as you.
a blood bubble dribbles onto her lip and bursts, the crimson running down her lip.
he got the drop on me.
collette simpers.
i told you luc would kill y a sharp slap from me shuts her right up, and she cowers against the wall next to ibiza.
come on.
i loop my arm around ibiza back and lift her to her feet.
she groans, and more blood runs from the sides of her mouth.
collette, up.
collette rises, and i shove her in front of us as we make our way to the office.
the young man is gone from the desk, and the entire room is silent save for the rolling waves of the sea.
i lay ibiza on a sofa and use the desk phone to call an ambulance.
the young man lies on the floor behind the desk, his unseeing eyes staring up at me, his phone still clutched in his hand.
collette tries to edge away.
your boyfriend is already responsible for one innocent life.
i am more than happy to even the score by taking yours at this point.
i will tell the agency you were collateral damage.
i put every bit of anger i have into my words.
she glances at the murdered man at my feet and cowers.
good.
i return to the couch where ibiza is sprawled out, one hand pressed to her wound.
stay here.
someone coming.
i have got to go.
i kneel next to her.
you will be all right.
he after the girl and me.
you still owe me two million.
her eyes glitter like smoky gems, but the blood at her lips is unsettling.
you know where to find me.
i drop a kiss on her clammy forehead and stand.
sirens start up in the distance.
i grab collette elbow and yank her out the front door.
the night remains still.
too still.
he watching.
i shove collette into the car parked along the narrow street.
a bullet pings off the roof of the car as i sink into the driver seat and use the young man key to start the engine.
i shove it into gear, and we take off into the night.
if ibiza dies, i may just kill you out of spite.
i grit my teeth and cycle through the gears as a pair of headlights appear behind me.
you do not even like her.
you said youd kill her business is business.
ibiza knows that.
now, shut the fuck up.
it is the middle of the night, and we are whizzing along the narrow roads above the crashing sea, small villas passing by in a dark blur.
the headlights gain on us as i maneuver around a hairpin curve and head up a rocky cliff away from the beach.
collette screams when i get too close to the edge and the tires spin on the loose gravel at the edge of the road.
but the tires gain purchase again and we are off, shooting up and away with luc hot on our tail.
he a pretty good merc.
shame i am going to kill him.
i wrench the wheel to the right, and collette screams at almost the same pitch as the tires.
turning the car completely around, i gun it back down the slope, aiming for luc head on.
luc headlights grow brighter as he approaches.
i stay the course and press harder on the accelerator.
collette has turned on a constant shriek that has me wishing id knocked her out earlier instead of just slapping her.
ice water pumps through my veins as death approaches, but i am not worried.
i already know how this will end with luc in a body bag.
at the last moment, i veer to the left, skirting the cliff edge and knocking luc car into the cliff wall.
just as i skim past him, he loses control, and the vehicle shoots over the edge and down on to the craggy shoreline below.
i yank on the parking brake.
it engages as i stomp on the brake pedal.
the car comes to a screeching halt only inches from the steep drop off.
i pull my gun out.
stepping from my car, i peer down the sharp slope.
the moon gives enough light for me to see the merc.
he survived the wreck.
he tries to free himself from the driver side of his mangled car.
i remember the kid behind the check in desk as i train my sights on his gas tank.
the shot is just a pop, but the ensuing explosion blows my hair back.
collette is screaming again, so i walk around to her side of the car, yank her out, and pistol whip her across the back of her head.
she collapses in my arms, and i stuff her into the trunk.
i drive away with my cargo intact as the lights from an ambulance illuminate the hotel below us in flashing sweeps.
chapter seven you can not just manhandle my daughter and go around accusing her of criminal activity.
frank stanford, collette father, sits in the debriefing room at the agency, his shrewd eyes inspecting me from head to toe as i walk in.
your daughter was engaged in an effort to sell your data to the highest bidder.
i toss down a usb drive id recovered from luc hotel room in rome.
she met luc, he talked her into coming with him, and he staged her kidnapping and sale to the sex ring.
they had it all planned out.
the only thing they did not count on, was me.
i sit in the chair across from him, my frame dwarfing the table.
he shifts in his seat, chewing on my information while his lawyer wrings his hands next to him.
but she not being charged.
depends.
on what.
i lean forward and rest my hands on the table, my round, silver cufflinks clinking against the metal.
on you paying restitution to charles koikos family.
he the kid her boyfriend killed while we were in greece.
i expect a couple million u.s.
will do the trick.
once that is wired, i will let her walk.
but do not think for a second we will not be keeping an eye on her.
she dangerous.
he scoffs.
she not dangerous.
she my daughter.
innocent.
i lean back and scrub a hand down my jaw.
i need a shave.
check out some of the pics and vids she sent luc.
they are on the drive.
then you will see just how innocent she is.
not to mention her plans to sell your weapons technology to terrorists.
i shake my head as his mouth drops open.
like i said, we will be keeping tabs.
i i refuse to believe she would ever the lawyer places his hand on frank shoulder and leans in to whisper.
i do not give a shit.
my work is done.
i stand and stride to the door.
we will have the two million wired to the koikos account in no more than two business days.
the lawyer squeezes stanford shoulder.
thank you for the opportunity.
stanford begins to sputter about due process and false charges.
i open the door, ready to call it a day.
id only just returned home long enough to turn collette over and change clothes.
i need to rest so i can head out on my next mission chasing down an arms dealer in the congo.
shhh.
the lawyer tries to wrangle his client, and all i want to do is pick stanford up and slam him against the wall until he stops being an intolerable prick.
you have not heard the last about this.
he glares up at me.
i know what happened in greece.
she told me what you did to her.
i smile and step out of the room before turning and saying, i fucked your daughter brains out.
it is not a crime.
ask your lawyer to look it up.
the door closes behind me with a satisfying click as i pass my glowering agent in charge.
i expect you on a plane first thing in the morning, remington.
congo.
got it.
i head to the elevator.
get in.
get out.
get it done.
i always do.
epilogue i stroll along the seine toward my car, the metallic chrome reflecting moonbeams like a mirror.
an assassin is poorly concealed in the shadows beneath the nearest bridge.
another hides in the crowd waiting to cross the street on the opposite corner.
i drop the bouquet of flowers i am holding and lean over to pick them up.
once i am upright again, the man under the bridge is dead from two of my bullets.
the assassin in the crowd will not be quite as easy.
the light changes, and the mass of tourists and locals cross the blacktop toward the river.
i continue walking, my breath fanning out in clouds as a light snow begins to fall.
the man falls in step ahead of me, his unseasonably warm attire telling me he just got into town from a hotter clime.
he could be out for revenge from my time in the congo or my more recent stint in the caribbean busting a human trafficking ring.
either way, he pings on my radar with each step.
i slide my gloved hand into the pocket of my black overcoat and palm my pistol.
the crowd thins the closer we get to the spot where my car is illegally parked.
i walk around to the passenger side door as he sidles up behind me.
i catch his reflection and watch as he approaches.
feigning ignorance, i unlock the door.
i place the flowers carefully in the seat and sense him rush me from behind.
whirling, i catch him off guard with a throat punch.
he staggers back, gripping his neck.
a couple of onlookers stop to gawk.
i leave my pistol in my pocket, but he reaches for his, so i dart forward and land a vicious haymaker to his jaw that sends him sprawling.
several women scream and back away.
i take his gun and stuff it in my other pocket before relieving him of his wallet.
a young man next to me holds up his phone to record.
i take the phone and toss it into the seine before getting into my car and speeding away.
the assassin would no doubt be back, and next time he would not leave our meeting alive.
i hide in the shadows, creeping around the dark room and avoiding the thin slivers of moon shining through the cracks in the drapes.
easing up to the bed, i press my pistol against the temple of the sleeping form.
say your prayers, i whisper.
cut it out.
i knew you were there.
ibiza, her accent decidedly russian tonight, turns her back to me.
no you did not.
i grin and slip my gun and the flowers onto the bedside table.
i strip quickly.
the sheets are smooth and warm as i slide in behind her.
miss me.
of course not.
her hair splays out in a dark fan on her pillow.
i run my fingers through it and yank.
her yelp turns into a sexy purr as i grind my hips into her bare ass.
not even a little.
i bite her ear and kiss down her neck.
a little.
she reaches back and grabs my dick, her hand easing up and down as i suck and bite along her shoulder.
i made a couple of new friends.
i grab a handful of her breast and pinch her nipple too hard, the way she likes it.
fucking cash.
she turns toward me and pushes me down on my back.
i grab her hips as she settles on top of me, her wet pussy sliding onto my cock as i groan at her heat.
she starts a fast rhythm, grinding her pussy on me and trying to get off before i have a chance.
fuck that.
i flip her onto her back and pound into her as she scratches at my chest and tries to bite my lip.
leaning down, i let her.
she draws blood, and we kiss harder, making war as much as love.
it is always like this with her.
too much and not enough.
i will probably get this taste tonight and not see her again for six months.
by then, we could be sideways again.
it does not matter.
she hot and wanting right now, and i am going to give her everything i have got.
she lifts her hips to me as i feast on her breasts, sucking her hard nipples as she runs her nails along my scalp.
she gets loud, her moans echoing.
i slow my pace, and she digs her heels into my ass to spur me faster.
cash.
she tries to take control, surging her hips up and sliding back and forth on my cock.
in a flash, i snag my pistol and fire one shot toward the balcony.
the assassin from the street groans and falls backward.
moments later, screams ring out from below.
about fucking time.
jesus, cash.
her accent turns french.
i pin her hands above her and kiss the smirk right off her lips.
i ride her hard and stroke her spot again and again until her legs shake and her hips seize.
sirens fill the night, and more shouting lofts up from below.
right when her pussy clamps down on me like a vice, i shoot inside her.
because i am cash remington, and i never miss.
cash remington and the rum run chapter one the angry sea hisses and roils beneath the ship as the harsh sun beats down on my bare shoulders.
we have been passing bits of timber and shipping crates for half an hour, my crew keeping a weather eye open for whatever vessel met its unfortunate fate in this part of the ocean.
captain.
roland yells down from the crow nest and points to the starboard bow.
i leave the helm to my second in command and dash down the steps, across the main deck, and up to the foredeck.
a mass of wreckage drifts one hundred yards ahead.
the ship looks blasted in two.
a tattered blue and white flag marks the ruin as belonging to the east india trading company.
it barely flies above the sparkling water.
what is left leans badly, and has taken on enough water to sink at any moment.
a few bodies float nearby, bobbing up and down on the waves that knock more water into the ship.
i turn back to my crew of a dozen men.
they wait for orders, and they shall have them.
what are you waiting for, you scurvy dogs.
i roar.
get your asses in the water.
i want every piece of cargo, every bit of cloth, and every morsel of food left on that ship.
i toss my leather hat onto the deck, and with a strong running leap, i dive headfirst into the rough waters and strike out for the wreck.
something whispers to me like a long lost lover.
gold.
i can not so much as see a glint of it anywhere in the blasted remains of the vessel, but i can feel it.
it is in there, and it will be mine.
the caribbean water flows warm around me.
spring has only just begun, scenting the air with the phantom smell of faraway blooms.
but all i smell is pitch and ruin as i near the hull of the ship.
my men yell and splash behind me in the row boats.
the tattered white mainsail billows just beneath the surface, blocking entry from this side.
instead of swimming around, i dive beneath it, kicking hard and strong past the splintered mast and into the bowels of the wreckage.
bits of junk planks, empty sacks, clothing, and pieces of barrels float all around me.
i push farther down, avoiding the trap of the sail.
a man body floats by, his dark eyes open and staring, his mouth twisted in horror.
i shove him away and swim closer to the hulking vessel above me.
once the shadows change and the sail is at my back, i kick toward the surface until my thighs burn.
i break through and take a deep breath before spinning to take in what is left of the ship.
the cargo hold is split wide open, and i pull myself onto the sideways keel to survey what goods are left intact.
more splashes tell me my men are close.
get your useless, pitiful arses in here or, so help me, i will whip you, one and all.
cries of aye aye, captain ring out.
my crew is not the smartest or the fastest, but when i threaten the lash, they get shit done.
spilled bags of sodden grain line the hold directly in front of me.
we can dry them out and sell them, making no mention of their salty contents.
i add up the haul in my head.
it will not amount to much, but it is something.
i scan deeper into the shadows as a particularly large wave crashes against the keel.
something glimmers in the darkness.
something that calls to me more than anything else gold.
cash remington and the rum run available june , dark romance by celia aaron sinclair the acquisition series, prologue sinclair vinemont, an impeccable parish prosecutor, conducts his duties the same way he conducts his life every move calculated, every outcome assured.
when he sees something he wants, he takes it.
when he finds a hint of weakness, he capitalizes.
but what happens when he sees stella rousseau for the very first time.
counsellor the acquisition series, book in the heart of louisiana, the most powerful people in the south live behind elegant gates, mossy trees, and pleasant masks.
once every ten years, the pretense falls away and a tournament is held to determine who will rule them.
the acquisition is a crucible for the southern nobility, a love letter written to a time when barbarism was enshrined as law.
now, sinclair vinemont is in the running to claim the prize.
there is only one way to win, and he has the key to do it stella rousseau, his acquisition.
to save her father, stella has agreed to become sinclair slave for one year.
though she is at the mercy of the cold, treacherous vinemont, stella will not go willingly into darkness.
as sinclair and stella battle against each other and the clock, only one thing is certain the acquisition always ends in blood.
magnate the acquisition series, book lucius vinemont has spirited me away to a world of sugar cane and sun.
there is nothing he cannot give me on his lavish cuban plantation.
each gift seduces me, each touch seals my fate.
there is no more talk of depraved competitions or his older brother  the one whod stolen me, claimed me, and made me feel things i never should have.
even as lucius works to make me forget sinclair, my thoughts stray back to him, to the dark blue eyes that haunt my sweetest dreams and bitterest nightmares.
just like every dream, this one must end.
christmas will soon be here, and with it, the second trial of the acquisition.
sovereign the acquisition series, book the acquisition has ruled my life, ruled my every waking moment since sinclair vinemont first showed up at my house offering an infernal bargain to save my father life.
now i know the stakes.
the charade is at an end, and sinclair has far more to lose than i ever did.
but this knowledge has not strengthened me.
instead, each revelation breaks me down until nothing is left but my fight and my rage.
as i struggle to survive, only one question remains.
how far will i go to save those i love and burn the acquisition to the ground.
romantic sports comedy by celia aaron sloane howell cleat chaser kyrie kent hates baseball.
she hates players even more.
when her best friend drags her to a ravens game, she spends the innings reading a book until she gets a glimpse of the closer a pitcher who draws her like a magnet.
fighting her attraction to easton holliday is easy.
all she has to do is keep her distance, avoid the ballpark, and keep her head down.
at least, all that would have worked, but easton does not intend to let kyrie walk so easily.
when another player vies for kyrie attention, easton will swing for the fences.
but will kyrie strike him out or let him steal home.
short sexy reads by celia aaron fck of the irish the hard and dirty holidays eamon is my crush, the one guy i can not stop thinking about.
his irish accent, toned body, and sparkling eyes captivated me the second i saw him.
but since he slept with my roommate, who claims she still loves him, he been off limits.
despite my prohibition on dating him, he has other ideas.
resisting him is the key to keeping my roommate happy, but giving in may bring me more pleasure than i ever imagined.
a stepbrother for christmas the hard and dirty holidays annalise dreads seeing her stepbrother at her family christmas get together.
niles had always been so nasty, tormenting her in high school after their parents had gotten married.
british and snobby, niles did everything he could to hurt annalise when they were younger.
now, annalise has not seen niles in three years he been away at school in england and annalise has started her pre med program in dallas.
when they reconnect, dark memories threaten, sparks fly, and they give true meaning to the hard and dirty holidays.
bad boy valentine the hard and dirty holidays jess has always been shy.
keeping her head down and staying out of sight has served her well, especially when a sexy photographer moves in across the hall from her.
michael has a budding career, a dark past, and enough ink and piercings to make jess mouth water.
she is well equipped to watch him through her peephole and stalk him on social media.
but what happens when the bad boy next door comes knocking.
bad boy valentine wedding the hard and dirty holidays jess and michael have been engaged for three years, waiting patiently for jess to finish law school before taking the next step in their relationship.
as the wedding date approaches, their dedication to each other only grows, but outside forces seek to tear them apart.
the bad boy will have to fight to keep his bride, and jess will have to trust him with her whole heart to make their happy ending a reality.
forced by the kingpin forced series, book i have been on the trail of the local mob kingpin for months.
i know his haunts, habits, and vices.
the only thing i did not know was how obsessed he was with me.
now, caught in his trap, i am about to find out how far he and his local cop on the take will go to keep me silent.
forced by the professor forced series, book i have been in professor stevens class for a semester.
he brilliant, severe, and hot as hell.
i have not been particularly attentive, prepared, or timely, but he has not said anything to me about it.
i figure he must not mind and intends to let me slide.
at least i thought that was the case, until he told me to stay after class today.
maybe he will let me off with a warning.
forced by the hitmen.
