This was the wizard who burned all the nobles, food, carpets, tapestries, and servants in the castle the last couple weeks.
She is the reason the castle tapestrestes were aflame and food was burnt just before the last graduation.
Wizard Parker has ordered her punished so that she learns a lesson.
My delicate hand is not as strong as yours.
As you can see I already tried.
Twilix pointed to Kara face, still red with a hand print where she had been hit.
One swing should be sufficient, but do not go easy either.
She is tougher than she looks.
See how she stands there defiant of my attempt.
The guard looked between Kara and Twilix, obviously nervous of what would happen if he angered a fire wizard.
One shot then get out.
I promise I will let no harm come to you, she said straight faced.
Kara knew this was a test.
She stood straight and tried to brace herself for the pain that would come.
She knew she would overcome this obstacle and hoped there were no other tests involved before letting her go outside.
Anger appeared to have overcome Bastion, he pulled the steel gauntlet from his hairy hand and tucked it into his belt.
Rearing back, he punched Kara so hard in the face that Kara jaw cracked loudly, and she crumpled to the floor.
The burly guard then darted out the door, putting on his gauntlet as he left.
Kara stirred coming to a seated position and spit blood out on the floor while using her finger to check her teeth, taking special care around where her jaw had been shattered.
She stood and walked to the washstand, dipping herself a ladle of water out of the vase on top.
She carefully poured water into her mouth and rinsed it of the blood.
Kara turned to Twilix, knowing that she had passed this test, and motioned for Twilix to have the door opened.
She saw a single tear roll down Twilix face as she closed the distance placing her hand on Kara.
Kara felt a chill while healing magic ran through her body just as Kilen had done in the past.
Only Twilix came on slow and was less brutal.
It was more of a caress than a tidal wave of healing.
Kara face was whole again, as if neither strike had been made.
Thanks, Kara said.
Twilix wiped tears from her own face, I have had you broken by a guard and slapped you myself and you say thank you.
I do not know what you have done to control yourself, but I think that I would be angry if I were you.
I cannot deny your control, so I will take you outside as long as you can manage.
Twilix watched as Kara moved around the room collecting her extra set of leather clothes and a small piece of paper wedged into the wall.
What are you doing.
You said you would take me outside as long as I could control myself.
Well, I plan on never losing control again.
I also plan never to return to this cell again.
She stood watching Twilix with her arms loaded with the possessions she had been given, determined to never return.
I will take you outside, but whether or not you return here is something that is out of my control Kara.
I cannot make that promise.
Kara answered right back, It is something I can control.
Now if you will, I have not felt fresh air in weeks.
Twilix knocked on the door and Bastion opened it a crack.
Twilix whispered to him and both girls stepped out into the hallway.
Kara saw the torches on the wall and tried gathering in the energy from them.
Twilix watched her curiously as she examined the torches.
Then Kara saw it, in each of the torches she could see the faces of the fire wizards in the cells.
They were watching her through the flames, she stood straighter.
She wanted to inspire them to be passionate enough to get out of their cells.
She felt the heat and flames on the others side of each door.
They were not passionate, they were angry.
Kara lowered her head and rolled her shoulders forward as she asked nervously, Can we go now.
Are you still in control Kara.
Twilix asked.
Yes, but I do not like their eyes on me.
I want to leave.
Twilix turned with eyes furrowed, Whose eyes Kara.
She did not feel like explaining so Kara passed Twilix as she moved quickly through the hallway to the only door with light showing behind it.
The guard sitting on a stool by the door looked at her when she came into the light and stood quickly going for his sword.
A ring of ice encrusted the hilt of his blade, fusing the blade and sheath to prevent his draw.
Kara took a step back shocked by the formation of the ice.
Calm down, she is with me.
Please unlock the door, Twilix said calmly, catching up to Kara.
The chunk of ice holding the guard sword in disappeared in a whisp of steam and he warily opened the door with his key.
Kara wasted no time bolting through the door.
Twilix quickly lead her through the hallways of the castle and finally outside.
The summer sun hit her exposed flesh she felt as though she had been in the cell for years.
She stretched her arms, still laden with her belongings.
Without sunlight her skin had turned a pale white, which looked odd in contrast with her midnight black hair.
Guards surrounded her and Twilix did nothing to stop it except for shoo them to a distance.
Twilix slowly walked around Kara as she soaked up the sun rays.
Kara, she said quietly.
Kara opened her eyes to a squint and looked at Twilix.
You know sometimes when a fire wizard comes into the sunlight for the first time they start to lose control.
The heat from the sun overwhelms their senses.
Kara said nothing so Twilix continued, are you going to be trouble Kara.
The adolescent girl smiled, No, not at all.
What I will be is starving unless I get something to eat.
What time is it.
A guard spoke, It is just after morning meal mlady.
Twilix waved him away, It is best you do not push yourself too quickly.
We can have some food brought over so you can take it slow.
Kara let out a sigh, Please, I am fine.
I hate it when adults treat me as if I am two years old.
I thought that you would understand that, seeing as how we are about the same age.
She squinted at the guard that had spoken, Where is the kitchen in this place.
He looked at Twilix, appearing unsure if he should answer or not.
Twilix shook her head no.
Kara looked between the two then cleared her throat which got the guard attention again.
Then Kara hair became engulfed in flame for a couple seconds.
The guard pointed to the to large tents a short distance down the wall.
Shall we.
she said to Twilix.
The guard shrugged and whispered something to the guard next to him.
Twilix grunted, Well a useless lot you are.
How am I supposed to protect you all if you will not help me.
She turned back to Kara and held out a hand to the kitchens tents.
The young girl started to bound her way to the mess tents as Twilix turned to the same guard.
You fetch Wizard Parker, he will undoubtedly want to see this, and you better not waste a second getting him there.
He almost fell down tripping over his own feet trying to run.
There were not many soldiers left in the castle, but the few who were there stopped to stare at the fire wizard running around the training grounds.
Kara paid little attention to them.
She was happier than she had been in a long time.
The food was scarce but there were eggs, ham, and some bread.
The bread smelled a little overcooked but she supposed that was her fault anyway.
She had worked off a lot of anger before having her epiphany.
The smell of the food made her mouth water.
Everyone backed off the food line and let the small girl through as she grabbed as much as she wanted.
She sat down at a table to start eating.
The tent was silently watching and seemed to be waiting for an inferno to erupt.
When it did not, they continued to watch the young, dirty girl eat her breakfast.
As she ate she heard Twilix talking to a passing soldier, Find a few water bearers and have them meet me at the wizard training grounds.
When Kara looked up Twilix was pointing the soldier attention in her direction.
She smiled and bit off a piece of bread.
When Twilix sat down she took a moment to just watch Kara eat.
When she finally spoke she seemed to be confused.
I cannot understand you or your brother.
You both seem to have a knack for doing the impossible.
After you finish your meal I would like to test the control you have over your anger.
I would rather not get beaten any more today.
It has been a while since I have seen anything civilized.
Can we just see the castle or the town.
I have never seen a castle before, she said excitedly.
I cannot let you go where you could harm people until we test your control, and maybe not even then.
Kara you must understand that I do not make the decision of whether or not you return to your cell.
I can only test you and show results to the ones that do.
We must test your resolve and then perhaps we can see some of the castle grounds, if not the castle.
Is someone going to hit me again.,Kara asked.
No, not if you perform well enough.
Well, it is my intention to not let that happen again, Twilix corrected herself.
The pale girl took the last bite of her slightly burnt bread and went to brush the crumbs from her dress, but remembered she did not wear one.
Let is get to this testing while it is still daylight.
I do not like the drunken crowd that comes out at night they scare me.
Twilix laughed at her, Well they will be scared of you from now on.
She gestured to Kara outfit and the girls giggled.
Kara cheeks began to hurt from the laughing and she realized it had been a long time since she had laughed without the thought of crisping someone skin.
Twilix lead the way to the wizard training grounds.
On the way Kara noticed some smooth cookers surrounding a statue.
The statue was none like she had ever seen before and resembled her brother, who had given up his life to ensure her safety.
Kara walked towards the statue and noticed all the cookers openings faced inward towards the statue.
It is him,Twilix told her.
Him who.
she replied, staring at the details on the statue, so smooth and perfect.
Your brother.
It looks exactly like him, do not you think.
Kara nodded in agreement.
He made this in defiance of an order I gave him.
In some areas your brother seemed too eager to comply, but in small instances he defied all logic and authority.
I am concerned for him Kara.
Kara let a tear roll down her face, cleaning yet another line in the dirt, Why.
I am afraid that the king will stop at nothing to destroy him.
Your brother has threatened the King hold on the Water Realm.
You are part of that problem, but the other part is your brother holds that two element blade.
One mark from you on that blade and he would be in the running to take control of the Water Realm.
Now you see why they will not let the two of you be together.
One moment would be all it takes to make him a king.
Kara, I am sorry but you must face the truth that you may never see your brother as long as you remain here under King Atmos control.
Kara set her jaw and stood straighter, Then tell me what I need to do to get out of here.
Chapter Reporting The skies were clear on an early summer day as Alexander floated with the clouds.
He had been unable to find the boy in the thickly wooded area north of Deuterium.
His time to search for the boy had run out.
The wind wizard had other matters to attend to this morning.
King Atmos awaited his report on the nobles, his steward Wizard Parker, and the locations of his enemies.
Alexander swore the King thought he could magically appear anywhere at his call.
With war on the brink and two new wielders to train, Alexander thought that keeping the rouse of being crazy might actually make him go crazy.
In the past, he had always used the rouse to help people tell him things that they would not tell others.
Now, he used it to guide them into making decisions to serve his purpose.
Acting the part of a crazy old wizard was not as hard as some would think.
It was keeping the stories and lies straight that he told and managing not to give one person too much information.
Fortunately, flying with the clouds allowed him to give his mind a break.
He was able to focus on each problem individually as he floated along.
The Fire Realm was indeed a great problem they were raiding multiple towns a day.
As a result, King Rekkan troops sent wagons filled with supplies of every sort to their now growing fort.
If the King did not speed up his troop movement, he would lose this battle because of the defenses, King Rekkan of the Fire Realm, had built.
He had not been able to get too close to see the defenses due to veteran soldiers that had nearly knocked him from the sky with a barrage of flaming spheres.
He knew they were experienced wielders because they had heated the air in an attempt to make him lose control of his flight.
He had seen it before and easily evaded it, but they seemed confused as to why he had not plummeted from the sky.
The veteran soldiers guarding the Fire Realm newly built fortress were just another dangerous problem that he had to overcome.
The other major problem was King Atmos, who demanded that he fly menial messages between his steward and himself.
Alexander had dealt with others in the past that thought wind wizards were simple carrier pigeons.
He had had to deal with them the hard way.
Alexander just needed to figure out a way to show King Atmos, without him taking it out on Kilen.
The King seemed obsessed with finding a way to dispose of the boy.
Alexander had done everything in his power to control the King, like giving the boy friend a imbuement.
Sure, the fletcher was a good archer but not so much that he deserved one of his imbuements.
It was just another hook to sink into the King if he destroyed Kilen he would still have others leave his ranks as well.
Alexander came into sight of some stragglers flowing into the Earth Realm Army camp.
He saw the large conglomeration of tents being packed up for the day movement to battle.
Protocol was to circle the camp three times, from the air, before descending so that they could form a landing circle.
Specially chosen warriors were to form a ring, allowing the wizard to land without hurting anyone.
Alexander felt it was more of a protection to make sure they could control the wizard.
He never did like being surrounded by Atmos barbarians.
Four large tents were beginning to be taken down and a fifth stood guarded, meaning the ones being taken down were decoys for the King quarters.
Atmos was always suspicious of those around him and constantly feared assassination.
On occasion Alexander had used this obsession to his advantage.
Alexander could not stand the King, but he had to put on a good show for those that gave Alexander his orders the elder wizards.
He was not sure what wrath he would already incur by taking this long to check in.
Even more so, he had lost the boy.
At least he had good news to report to the king.
The Earth Realm nobles had finally been convinced to lend their personal armies to the fight.
His steward, Wizard Brandon Parker, was just as cunning and tactful as his father in making this happen.
As King Atmos camp stood now, he had less than half the troops of the Fire Realm.
Atmos would also be on the offensive since the Fire Realm was already entrenched.
He was going to need a lot more troops, but with the aid of the nobles, a smaller portion of the troops in various cities would have to be pulled away.
On his third circle of the camp Alexander saw a small group of soldiers in an area off to themselves as if they had just caught up with the massive camp.
He noticed they were different by their black hats and knew it was because of Bowie example.
As he lowered himself towards the ground he found the circle of assembled soldiers for his landing sight and decided to try his hand at their preparedness.
Slowly, he pulled wind from their backs to keep him in the air just above the ground, the wind catching in the extra flaps in his robe tugged at his arms and legs.
Some of the soldiers took a tiny step forward to steady themselves in the circle.
When Alexander saw this he let go of the wind and landed softly on the ground.
As soon as his feet touched he reversed the flow of air buffeting the soldiers with a strong wind from the front.
The loud clattering of armor hitting the ground in all directions from him made him laugh.
He chuckled out loud as soldiers scrambled to help their fallen friends off of their backs like overturned turtles.
The soldiers with black hats had little armor and jumped to their feet.
Alexander gathered his extra folds of cloth and tied them back with his brown sash, then started marching towards the king tent.
Some of the scrambling soldiers rushed to keep up with his pace.
The clattering announced to those in Alexander way to move, forming a path for the Wind council seat.
In the crowd he saw a black hat moving adjacent to his path pushing in between those in the camp.
He knew the fancy black hat would belong to Bowie Crescent, the gifted arrow maker and archer.
He had found a place of rank in the King army just like his friend the weapon bearer, only he was untrained in the use of magic.
Alexander had promised the boy he would teach him to use the wind magic he had bestowed upon him, but now he had no time.
He picked up the speed so as to avoid the boy.
Alexander pushed through the tent flaps just as the boy emerged from the crowd.
The King tent was filled to capacity, not only with people but with maps and reports.
The King was issuing orders when Alexander entered.
Only a couple of people seemed to notice the wizard as he found a place in the shadows to stand.
Wizards of all types lined the walls of the tent, watching and waiting for orders.
He poured himself some wine and pocketed some bread and cheese into a fold of his robe.
Councilman Alexander, report your findings, the King command was of routine business.
He had fought wars and battles before, this was his true element, politics was not.
I am fine, my lord.
Thank you for asking, Alexander said putting a piece of bread in his mouth.
He continued to pick through fruit on a table as if he was not given any command.
Wizard, I did not ask how you were.
I told you to report, Atmos said growling with contempt.
Alexander always got King Atmos riled up before talking with him.
The simple feat caused King Atmos to be off of his game and easier to manipulate.
He temper was quick, and Alexander loved to exploit it.
Of course, of course my lord.
Which would you like to hear first.
he asked.
Let is start with the Fire Realm and King Rekkan, the king said slightly less irritated.
Well, I have seen their camp relatively close, or should I say their fortifications.
Yes, yes I know, I will get to it.
Alexander loved to talk to himself, acting a little insane just to keep people wondering if he really did hear voices.
Their camp is growing bigger everyday by the Fire King ability to bring your very peasants into his employ.
These peasants know how to build and construct in this fertile land, fortunately for King Rekkan.
These peasants now build farms inside his walls as they finished the walls surrounding his new fortification.
He has taken in every manner of worker into his camp and they work willingly.
You are telling me that King Rekkan is taking the Earth realms own people to construct his fortifications.
The tent went silent at the King growling voice.
Well, yes my lord.
How else would he have enough structures to hold all the supplies he takes from the surrounding towns.
The really bad part is that most of the peasants that come into his camp are getting trained and armed against their own countrymen.
The King stood at his paper covered table and looked at the wizard snacking on fruit.
How many.
Well, I do not know.
It is hard to count them when they are hurling arrows at you, and that is not to mention the veteran wielders trying to knock me out of the sky.
Every one of the men at the fort seem to be wielding an element against me.
I do think they might not have come in force but they came with their very most experienced.
I could only get close to the edges of their fortifications, and I could not stay near their convoys for more than a few moments before being attacked, my lord.
I want to know what I am up against.
How many soldiers do they have.
King Atmos was was so angry he was shaking with fury at Alexander lack of numbers.
Well I do not know if I would call them all soldiers, but around seventy thousand would be as decent an estimate as you are going to get now.
The King took in the number a moment before looking down at the map.
Everyone was silent except for Alexander open mouthed chewing of a piece of cheese he had popped into his mouth.
He looked around smiling as if nothing were the matter.
Is there any news from my advisor.
Atmos asked.
AHH yes my lord.
He says that you should start to see troops arrive within the week.
Three minor nobles and two nobles from the Water Realm have joined the fight.
Well, they are at least coming, we have not started the fight so they cannot have joined it Enough, Councilmen.
How many troops are they bringing.
Well, the minor nobles brought five thousand each not to be outdone by each other.
The two Water Realm Nobles brought twenty thousand each.
Their numbers should double what you have here, my King.
The entire room visibly relaxed, and the King sat back into his large oak chair that creaked under the weight of his armor.
They had months left to go before an actual battle took place and they were already this tense, he had done well.
He gaped about like an idiot, waiting for someone else to ask him a question.
When no one did he spoke up Alexander said,My lord if you do not require my services any longer today I need to find my weapon bearer to check his progress.
He bowed and started for the tent is flaps.
The king shouted,You are not dismissed, wizard.
I have some messages for you to take to my advisor and then you will check the surrounding area for scouts.
I also have yet to hear back from your wizard trainee, Mica.
He was supposed to report back on other locations on the border.
If you complete those tasks, then you may attempt to find your weapon bearer.
Alexander muttered under his breath a few times to where no one could hear.
He looked around with lips still moving as if talking to someone.
My lord, Mica is no longer a trainee, otherwise he would be riding my wind as he had in the past.
He will arrive when he can, or you can track him down as a traitor.
As far as scouts, you will not encounter scouts for a month yet if you do manage to keep this pace with all the added troops.
The messages you surely could get a pigeon to carry for you, as I have matters to attend to.
WizardI gave you a task.
If you do not carry out my orders perhaps I will find you as a traitor.
Alexander smiled back at the King now leaning on his table filled with maps.
My lord, he said bowing deeply.
Perhaps you have mistaken your power over wizards or your own councilmen.
We are not your subjects for your frivolous daily tasks.
I will spare you the lecture on ordering wizards around, and I might even find time to complete the tasks that you have REQUESTED.
If I do not, it will be my decision and not punishable by being named a traitor.
If you want to find a more pliable wizard perhaps ask Mica when he returns, he seems to like licking your boots.
Alexander bowed again and turned to leave the tent.
Guards, take Alexander into custody.
the king shouted.
It was too late.
The Wizard already had released his sash and taken flight into the air.
He watched as Bowie held his black hat on his head.
The guards scrambled to find arrows and shackles but they were too late Alexander was a small spot in the sky, unrecognisable as a man.
Bowie watched as the wizard circled the camp in the air, he was not sure if it was the one who had given him his wind magic bead.
He watched closely as he circled three times and then started to descend into the massive camp.
At least the camp seemed massive to Bowie he had grown up in a town with less than a fraction of the people in his army camp.
Bowie pushed through the Black Hats that had just caught up with the head of the camp.
His men were the back of the camp, everyone knew that they were new recruits by the hats they wore, the hats they had wanted to wear because of his instruction.
Black wide brimmed hats curled up in the front, a green feather in each to display rank amongst the Black Hats.
Bowie own had three gold stripes showing his most recent promotion to sergeant, it fit snugly over his long, red, braided hair.
When Bowie men finally marched into camp the sun was rising and the front of the army was beginning to pack up for another day march.
It had been that way for the last few days, sleeping during the day and catching up at night.
They were the new recruits, so they got to march in all of the horse manure, mud, and ruts left by the others.
Pushing through the more senior soldiers was harder to do than he had thought.
They had no respect for his rank as he was still new to the army.
He figured that most of the soldiers only saw the black hat and paid no attention to the shield pin on his shoulder marking him as armor bearer.
It should have told everyone he was dangerous or useful, or at least to respect him.
His black hat, he supposed, spoke louder than the small pin.
The whole reason he needed to talk to the wind wizard circling the camp was that he had no idea how to use his wind magic.
He had trained a very small amount with an earth ring Kilen let him use while traveling, but that was nothing like using the wind.
He kept it in a small pocket he had sewed into his wrist guard where the tiny magic imbued bead would touch his skin.
He needed to talk to the wizard so he could at least learn to teach himself how to use it.
He pushed through the army that now gaped upward at the wizard floating around with wind catching his large robe.
Bowie saw him go out of sight as he lowered himself into a ring of armored soldiers.
A gust of wind from behind and from in front sent chaos into the army ranks.
A loud crash of men in armor hitting the ground was followed by a loud commotion of men trying to regain their comrades to keep up with the wizard.
Bowie followed the commotion as best he could and when it stopped he found himself near one of the King tents.
Alexander had already disappeared inside.
He decided he would wait outside for the wizard to exit.
Bowie took a seat on an unoccupied stump near the tent.
He saw a large man sharpening a sword nearby and recognized Chit from his home town of Humbridge.
Chit had been chosen as the King Champion, for reasons Bowie could only speculate.
His only thought was that another man from his hometown, his friend Kilen, was being trained as a weapon bearer.
Kilen and Chit did not get along, but then Chit did not get along with anyone from Humbridge.
Bowie thought that perhaps the King wanted to see Kilen sword taken from him, and that Chit would be the perfect opponent to face the much smaller Kilen.
Chit now stayed near the King at all times, he was like a dog feeding on his master scraps.
He served no purpose other than to punish and intimidate.
He now sat outside the entrance to the King tents polishing a gleaming long sword with twin animal heads facing out from its hilt.
Chits arms were covered with scars now from whatever he had had to face since being called to be the King Champion.
His eyes seemed to have lost whatever desire for drink and women that they had before.
Before, Bowie and his friends would avoid Chit just because he would bully them, now Bowie avoided him because he was afraid of what the so called Champion might do.
Bowie had not slept yet, as his men were the very last troop to arrive into the camp that was established the night before.
As the trails became more narrow the farther they had gone from Deuterium, it took longer to catch up to the camp.
His men were, no doubt, getting their tents set up, or at least finding a place to lay down before they started marching again.
Veteran soldiers had woken some of the Black Hats to test their aim, but his soldiers were laughed at because there were not enough bows to go around.
Bowie trained archers could not even fight because the veterans took all the equipment for themselves.
At least, Bowie thought, they would not be used in battle if they did not have anything to fight with.
Bowie saw his second in command, John Curtin, come through the crowd and approach him.
Sergeant Crescent, I found you and you ran off.
Captain Lorusk summoned you to the King tent.
The large man, still catching his breath, took a second to look around and saw Bowie was sitting right beside the King tent.
Ah I see you already got word.
Well, I came here for other reasons, but thanks for letting me know, John.
Now I have a reason to go inside.
John tipped his hat and turned to walk back to the new recruits they commanded.
Bowie raised himself off of the stump and started for the tent is flap and out came Wizard Alexander.
Before Bowie could even say the Wizard name he had risen past the top of the King tent and into the air.
Captain Lorusk jumped out of the tent after him, but missed the wizard robes by a hand length.
The Captain stood, glaring as the wizard rose out of sight.
When he looked down his anger was automatically transferred to Bowie.
He grabbed Bowie shoulder and pulled him inside the tent.
King Atmos was leaning on white knuckled fists on top of a paper covered desk, Captain, fetch me some BLOODY PIGEONS.
He stood looking at the tent flap as it stopped moving from the Captain disappearing through it, and then finally noticed Bowie.
Who are you.
I am Sergeant Cresent, my lord, Bowie replied, bowing.
Oh right, the fletcher made sergeant out of my new recruits.
I should have known from the black hat.
I have a few tasks for you, Sargeant.
This is Ria Smith Earth Wizard, he said, gesturing over his shoulder without looking.
A Middle aged woman wearing an all brown dress with her hair in a bun stepped forward.
She did not look like any wizard that Bowie had seen before.
She wore common clothes and stood with hands behind her back.
She wore no adornments nor indication that she was a wizard.
She came and stood beside Bowie as the King continued to talk.
I am assigning her to the King was cut off as Ria cleared her throat.
Right, right, I have requested that Ria join your Black Hats so that she may aid in the creation of arrows and supplies for my archers.
She has skills that will help you in preparing my army for this battle.
Also, I have gathered in supplies from towns we have passed to aid in this construction.
here will be some fletchers joining your troop to help teach these Black Hats to make the supplies.
Do you understand what you are supposed to do Sergeant.
My Lord, I thought we agreed that I joined this army as a soldier and not as a fletcher.
The King smiled at Bowie, As a soldier in this army, I am giving you an order to make arrows using those Black Hats you are in charge of.
Let me remind you that you joined this army and now we are in a time of war.
It would not be wise for you to leave the army as a deserter during such time, as it is a crime punishable by death.
As I see it, you have two choices follow orders, or face the hangman noose.
Bowie bowed his head as Ria sighed showing her disgust in Bowie.
My lord, I will carry out your orders, but I will need lots of feathers and supplies.
I will need to have my men hunt almost constantly in order to find the things I need.
So have your men hunt, I have no problem with this request, Atmos finally sat down in his chair and started to relax, as Bowie was no longer resisting.
Sire, our camp frightens the animals.
We would hunt for probably a league, and there is no way we will find the animals unless we hunt in front of the column.
Even if we do, we still need to be able to carry the supplies and work while moving from camp to camp.
None of my men have the horses for that, nor do I the carts to hold supplies, the horses to pull them, or the weapons to hunt with.
The King became visibly irritated again, he scratched his growing goatee.
I will supply you ten horses, and three carts.
I suggest you use them wisely.
The rest of your Black Hats will have to walk.
Take them to the front of the formation now and get ahead.
I will have your horses and carts brought up.
Look for scouts to show you the new camp sites as we move down the road.
Dismissed, Sergeant.
Bowie bowed and Ria followed his lead as he exited the tent.
The King started to issue orders to others as he was leaving.
The female wizard walked at Bowie side through the crowd as best she could, Sergeant Crescent, I think in the future you ought to remember what your mother taught you to obey your elders.
This simple instruction would gain you a better response from his majesty, the King.
I will try and keep that in mind.
Now tell me, what is it you can do for me in making arrows.
He said you had a skill that I could use.
Sergeant, I am skilled in growing plants.
I have no talent for the more violent nature of magic, but I am able to produce good results with plants.
How in the flamin hell is that supposed to help me.
Bowie blurted out.
You may talk to your friends like that, young man, but not to me.
You will watch your tongue near me.
I will talk which ever way I like, Bowie said.
Before the last word could leave his mouth, he tripped over a root and fell on his face.
Ria clicked her tongue as the root sank back into the ground.
You should watch where you walk, also.
She said calmly.
Oh Sergeant, you seem to have fallen in some manure.
If you did not wear your fancy jacket out, you would not get it dirty.
You really should save those for courting.
Do not worry though, a little wine should get out the stain.
You should have your serving man take a look at it.
Bowie was sure the root sank back into the ground, and realized she had done it on purpose.
He did not give her a comment in return.
She continued to follow him, brushing loose dirt from his sleeves, As I was saying.
I am particularly talented in growing plants.
I can grow branches in shapes, or straight.
I can help make tool handles, as I can grow them as thick or as thin as needed.
I think the King intended to have me grow arrow shafts.
Bowie finally realized what she was talking about.
If he was not in such a bad mood, he probably could have put it together himself.
I apologize.
I think your talent will come in handy.
I will introduce you to my men, they call us the Black Hats, he said, tipping his.
Sergeant, I also possess a wagon and two horses that you can load full of people if you still do not have enough room.
I will tell you to pick the best mannered, for reasons you have already learned.
Bowie nodded his head in response.Thank you, Wizard Smith.
Oh you are very welcome.
Please, call me Ria, she said, smiling.
He led her through the throng, walking more carefully this time.
When he arrived, his men were busy erecting tents and getting blankets unloaded from packs.
A couple of fires were being built and stew leftover from others in camp was being hung over fires.
John Curtain came away from where he was building his and Bowie tent.
Sergeant, some fletchers have reported to me and are waiting near the back for orders.
Bowie held up a hand to stop him from talking.
John, this is Ria Smith, Earth Wizard.
She has been assigned to us in our new task.
Assemble the men and get to the front of the line.
Ria has a cart we need to put the fletchers in.
I will go now, and give tasks to those that arrive at the front.
Make sure you do not leave the rear until every last one of our fletchers and Black Hats are on their way forward.
Sergeant, the men are exhausted, and we just got into camp.
How are we going to lead this army in the front.
John nearly shouted.
Some of the veterans that were near stopped, shocked at the notion of the new recruits taking the front.
Bowie took note, perhaps this would be a task to help gain his men some respect.
Corporal Curtain, the King said to move the Black Hats to the front.
They have a skill that no other has in this army, and the King intends to use it.
Now go and get them moving.
That is an order.
Ria turned to Bowie, Your men just arrived into the camp.
It looks as though they are unpacking their things.
They are packing them now, but yes, they were unpacking them when I left to see the King.
We marched through the night at the back of this formation and just now arrived.
I do not have much skill in it, but perhaps I could help your troops refresh a bit until they get a proper night is sleep.
How will I know which men are yours.
Bowie tapped the top of his hat, No others would dare wear one of these.
Will you be able to find your way to the front, Ria.
Ha, follow the long line of sluggish soldiers.
I think I can manage.
She pointed behind Bowie, this one seems to belong to you.
Bowie turned to see a short girl with red hair falling past her shoulders, stomping in his direction.
He took a step out of the way but she still stopped in front of him, placing her hands on her hips.
You must be the guy called Master Crescent.
I have heard of the pretty outfits you wear, the red hair girl said.
Ria clicked her tongue.
My name is Auburn and I am one of the fletchers assigned to your archers.
Ria looked at Bowie, then back at the girl.
Auburn, is it.
Perhaps you should call Master Crescent by his proper rank and ask permission to speak.
While you are at it, you should button your shirt up.
It is a bit too revealing.
Bowie was confused by the whole situation.
This girl was already giving him an attitude and he did not even know who she was.
Ria was saying she was indecent, but her shirt barely showed her collarbone it was far from what he would consider indecent.
He found himself thinking about what he would consider indecent and then noticed the two were now arguing.
Bowie could not understand what either woman was saying, as their voices had become intertwined.
He made the decision at that moment to do what he could to keep the two separated as much as possible.
Ladies, ladies, LADIES.
he cleared his throat after shouting.
Both women stood stock still, staring at him.
Some of the armored veterans were laughing.
Ria, why do not you go ahead and see to the men and get your things collected.
I am sure some would love to help you with whatever is necessary.
She bowed her head slightly, and started to walk away.
Auburn opened her mouth again, this time directed to Bowie.
Do not think that you will get me to obey your commands like that one.
I was forced into this army so do not be expecting too much from me.
I will not be sewing for you, cooking for you, or be sitting on your lap.
I will do only what I must to make it until this battle is over, then I will go home to my father to help him live out the rest of his days.
Bowie stood with mouth open unsure what to say so she spoke instead, WELL.
Bowie closed his mouth, Sounds reasonable.
I have some carts gathering to take the fletchers up front where I can gather supplies on the road.
If you do not have a horse and you do not want to walk, I would make sure you hurry along and get your things on one.
The girl stalked off the way she had come, and Bowie wondered if fighting a war would be easier than managing the two women.
He took off his hat and started looking for an open cask of ale.
He figured he would need a drink before the day was over, and now was as good a time as any.
Chapter The Elders Fog He heard his stomach growl for the first time today, but Kilen rode on, despite his internal complaints.
The magic imbued into his rings and sword gave him the strength to keep going.
The horse and Kilen had no need for water, no need for energy, and no need to sleep.
His magic also gave him energy, and he in turn gave it to his horse, which he had named Jasper.
Kilen had driven himself hard the last three days.
Today would be the first time he got down off Jasper and had a proper meal.
Kilen looked forward to how good proper meal would feel in his stomach.
He had been eating the strips of dried meat Leroy had provided for him.
The herbs and spices had stamina and nutritional qualities above the normally eaten foods of his land.
The combination of magic and this exceptional food made traveling quick.
He had traversed from the middle of the Earth Realm to its northeast mountainous border.
I think it is time to stop for a while, the Elder Wizards cannot be much farther, Kilen said to the empty forest.
Max, one of the men in his head, replied without delay, I agree.
You should rest for a day and regain some of your normal strength.
Let us stop at the opening in the forest just ahead.
Jace, yet another in his head, offered his agreement as Jasper trotted up to an opening in the dense forest floor.
Kilen carefully dismounted and stretched his legs and checked for sores.
Quickly, he loaded Jaspers feed bag and provided his only other living companion a meal.
He checked his own bag and once again, reassured himself there was nothing but a canvas sack of dried meat and bags of Leroy special tea.
If he wanted a meal, he would have to hunt for it.
Kilen walked around close to the clearing, gathering rocks and dry sticks he could use to make a fire.
He noticed that the closer he came to the mountains, the colder it became.
The looming fog setting on the area did not help his feeling of being cold.
It was so dense that Kilen was reminded of the first day he met Twilix.
He thought of her often, but this time he remembered he had taught himself how to cast a thick fog just like the one now preventing him from seeing the mountains.
He made a stone ring and set the sticks in the middle for the beginnings of a fire.
With the leftovers, he made a pile away from the camp under a bush with dry ground.
If the fog moved too much closer, everything in his area would become damp with moisture, making it harder to start a fire.
Max spoke again, I do not know why you refuse to light a fire with that fire magic you possess.
I could teach you, or perhaps my brother could, when he returns.
I was actually waiting till he returns.
No offense, but he a fire wizard.
He should be better at teaching it than you, Kilen replied.
Kilen pulled his cloak from his bag, it was the fanciest cloak he had ever possessed.
It was made from finely spun wool and dyed the deepest shade of green, embroidered with a magnificent oak tree and embellishments on the edges.
Jace reeled at the sight of it, which made Kilen laugh.
Kilen placed it on his shoulders and donned the hood despite Jace rebuke.
Kilen thought to end the lecture before Jace started, I know, I look like a King fool.
I am cold and you are the only ones here.
Please Jace, do not tell anyone.
Max laughed inside his head at the fact that no one but Kilen could talk to anyone directly.
A white owl glided out of the trees and landed on the wood that would soon be a fire.
It spoke with a human voice that Kilen recognized as Joahna a fire wizard he had slain and captured the fallen spirit of.
Good, you found the location.
We should be safe here for a couple days, Joahna said.
A couple days.
What do you mean a couple days.
Kilen asked.
We are getting close to where Alexander said the Elder Wizards are supposed to be, Joahna reformed himself into the figure of a liquid man and acted as if he was warming himself by the non existent fire.
We will need to figure out a way inside once we get there.
For now, why do not you start a fire.
Well, I found the Elder Wizards camp, only I am not sure how to get you into it.
Joahna said as he reformed himself into the figure of a liquid man and acted as if he was warming his hands next to the non existent fire.
While I try to figure a way to get you inside, you should probably start a fire.
I do not know how, Kilen said, frustrated.
Well here, let me show you.
It is a little more difficult to teach weapon bearers, especially ones that already have imbuements like water to counteract the effects of the fire magic anger.
See the stack of wood.
Focus on it, let your eyes see nothing but the wood you want to burn.
Now, while looking at the wood, feel the cold seeping into your body.
Lose the cloak.
While your at it throw that cloak in there, Jace said still irritated by it is flashy color.
Kilen reluctantly took the cloak off and placed it a few feet away.
Feel the cold, and feel the need for fire, the need for warmth.
When you are cold enough and you want the fire bad enough, those sticks will light.
So just stare at them and be cold.
Should I take off more of these clothes so I am colder.
No, I will help make you colder, Joahna answered.
Kilen watched as frost began to cover every surface around him.
The temperature dropped so significantly, bumps formed on his arms and he began to shake.
The frost crept up Kilen boots and pants as Kilen stood.
He started to panic.
Focus on the sticks, Joahna repeated, still rubbing his hands near the invisible flames.
Kilen focused hard, he blocked everything out except the cold and the sticks.
Slowly, the cold and frost started to creep up his shirt, soaking through to his skin.
He noticed he could see his breath prominently now.
He longed for the hot days, battling the sword with Gortus on the practice fields.
Joahna figure stood and threw out a hand which detached from his arm.
The hand turned into a ball of water mid flight to Kilens face.
Kilen, covered in ice cold water, looked down at his shirt and watched as water turned to ice, sending numbing pain with it.
Kilen glanced at the sticks and a spark popped at the top stick.
Kilen sprang to the small spark and yearned for a flame, the flame came slowly.
Then it raged four feet tall.
Kilen welcomed the warmth and Joahna let go of the cold around his body.
The ice and frost melted quickly as Kilen threw more wood on the fire.
He began to warm his hands, letting the warmth surround him.
Joahna melted himself into a seated position on an ice stump next to the fire.
Kilen looked into the glass like man watching the flames flickering reflection.
The dead glass eyes of the liquid man stared back at him from across the fire.
The flames shapes danced on the surfaces of his entire body.
Now that we are alone, there are some things we need to discuss, Joahna whispered.
Kilen pulled his fancy weapon bearer cloak around him and looked into the fire, avoiding the eyes of the elemental.
We better get to discussing them if we are to complete our mission before the battle starts.
Joahna nodded, For starters, if you are to make good on our agreement of getting us our bodies back we must first learn how to do so.
The best way I can see to do that is by seeking the knowledge of the Elder Wizards.
Of course, we have other tasks that have to be performed before we can seek the knowledge they possess.
The arrangement of having the Elders fight beside King Atmos in war must be done before we can proceed in our knowledge seeking.
Kilen scoffed, That is the problem, is not it.
I am afraid that I will be killed just trying to complete that task.
Yes, yes, if you do not get them to join in battle, the king will kill you.
However, if they do agree to join him, my brother and I will become traitors to our own land for helping you.
Not to mention that the Elders may just kill you for asking.
We must find a way to convince them to come to battle even if they are only to be a negotiator of terms to stop this war, Joahna put his hand on his chin and scratched away at the water like stubble.
Well, I can not convince them until we get to them, Kilen retorted.
They are in there, He said as he pointed to the dense wall of fog.
Why did not we just go in and sleep there for the night.
Kilen asked.
Because, you idiot, these are not the most welcoming of wizards.
They like their privacy and their secrecy.
If you go inside that fog, you do not know what dangers await you.
I wanted to wait until we had a full night is rest and were ready for whatever is inside that fog.
I went inside a few times today and found that I could not control magic inside.
I was only able to control my body, and I did that with extreme difficulty.
Okay, so we need to figure out how to get to the wizards to plead for their help.
Kilen pulled out his book and started writing.
We do not have time for you to scribble in your book.
We have to discuss what to say when you get inside.
I will not be able to talk to you because I will be in elemental form.
You must know what to say and what to ask in order to complete the task assigned.
Jace echoed in the back of Kilens mind with so much confidence, the feeling crept into Kilen, I know what to say.
Kilen voiced Jace words, Jace will know what to say.
Joahna paused a moment, Let us get Jace out here to discuss this in person.
Kilen stared back at the elemental in confusion.
I would like to see if you can summon an earth elemental at the same time I hold this water elemental form.
If you can, you would prove to be a very powerful adversary, not only on the battlefield, but also against the Elder Wizards.
It might help them see you as a weapon bearer instead of just a boy.
WHAT.
Wait.
People already look at me strange when I walk with my summoned elemental and now you want me to summon two.
Kilen retorted.
I suppose you want me walk and fight beside them also.
If I do this, people will start to get suspicious of my power.
They will want to kill me just as King Atmos does for being too powerful.
They will not be able to with two elementals guarding you all day and night, Max retorted.
Joahna echoed his voice in the real world even though they could not hear each other.
Everyone will look at me differently they will be expecting much greater things if I continue to summon multiple elementals.
I am still not sure I want to live a life of battle and dangerous situations, Kilen said, now pleading.
Kilen, Joahna said calmly You already defy all logic by summoning one elemental and walking beside him so early.
The skill is very rare, even amongst the Elder Wizards.
You will always be expected to do great things.
However, I misrepresented my intentions with you summoning us both.
No one has to know that you can summon two at once.
They just have to know that you are very skilled.
We can always form ourselves as a mist, a fog, a rock, or a single grain of sand.
Yet we will posses the ability to protect you by using magic.
We would be invisible to anyone, but our presence would be very powerful.
Imagine two wizards that can be anywhere to spy on people, or protect someone who was helpless.
Wizards that do not get tired, hungry, or be tempted by money, or drink.
I can think of limitless uses for this, and it does partly fulfil your end of the bargain.
We would both regain an elemental body, at least until we find a way to return to a flesh one.
Kilen sat quiet for a moment while he thought about everything Joahna said.
You have thought about this a lot.
Joahna laughed, While in your head, it is all we have to do.
If you can do this, we will be of great help to you in many ways.
Lets try it, Kilen said, giving in.
Only, let is try it with Max.
He more experienced with earth magic and being one of my elementals.
Joahna replied, Very well.
It does not matter which only that we try.
Kilen laid down and dug his fingers into the ground, feeling the soft, now warm dirt.
He focused the earth into a packed lump, raising it above the surface of the ground.
Slowly, he formed it into a figure of a tiny man, a faceless and featureless tiny man of dirt.
Kilen then thought of Twilix and the first time he summoned an earth elemental.
He was defying her orders by doing it without an instructor present.
He regretted letting the voices in his head push on his emotions that day.
Twilix words echoed in his head push your consciousness into the form.
Look through its eyes.
The familiar snap of a consciousness exiting his mind resounded in his brain, and he once again felt the familiar loss of a voice.
Kilen opened his eyes to see that Max had taken over the tiny form and began to change it to reflect his former living body.
It worked.
Joahna exclaimed.
The tiny man grew to a full sized man with moss coverings as clothes, stones as teeth, and colored rocks as eyes.
The two elemental brothers embraced each other in their elemental forms.
Max turned to Kilen, Thank you.
Kilen picked himself off the ground and resumed his seat on the fallen log.
Max moved to Kilen and placed an rocky hand on his shoulder.
He was bolstered by energy and felt his sore muscles heal and become painless as Joahna touched the other.
The two elementals then sat still looking at one another as if a lifelong dream had been achieved.
Kilen spoke to break the silence, I will not say that I will miss you inside my head.
Max laughed, I will not say that I will miss the uncontrollable urge to stretch my muscles, or the constant confusion of my emotions mixed with yours.
They all laughed.
Joahna brought the small victory to a halt with a serious tone, Let us get on with discussing the matter at hand.
Kilen, would you please voice any concerns that Jace has.
His opinions matter very much to us.
The way I see it we face two problems.
One, how do we get into the Elder Wizards town.
Two, what do we say to them once we are inside.
Max spoke first, Correct.
Getting inside will be the easier part, but we both know that both will be far past difficult.
We have to go in prepared.
We should test the area inside the fog to see what kind of problems come up and how it might affect our use of magic.
Then, we proceed with caution.
When we find the first acknowledgement of the people inside, we let them know our purpose.
We let them know we come in peace as an emissary from King Atmos.
Hopefully, when we do that, they will not kill you, or us.again.
We can go in violently or peacefully.
Which would you prefer, Kilen.
It took no time at all for Kilen to respond to Joahna question.
Peaceful, but it would be nice to know if something is waiting to harm me on the other side of the fog.
Jace echoed in his head, Always be prepared for an attack.
You at least learned one thing from me.
Kilen made a small chuckle at his statement, the others looked at him quizzingly.
Jace made a comment, it is nothing pertaining to this conversation.
They still looked at him, so he continued to talk.
Okay, so how can we prepare for what is inside.
Joahna, always a leader, spoke without waiting for input from Max.
I will test the fog a little more tomorrow while you practice the sword and magic with Max.
When you are ready, we will carefully make our way into the forest until we stumble upon their camp, or they confront us.
Max nodded his agreement, and Jace spoke in unison inside Kilen mind.
Jace agrees and so do I.
Now, how by the brights sword, are we supposed to convince them to join King Atmos in battle.
Joahna reached up and scratched his chin as if it helped, That is a hard question.
I think there are too many roads of diplomacy they could go down.
I am not even sure the king former advisor, the great Calvin Parker, could convince them.
Jace spoke for a while directly to Kilen and ended with Tell them what I said.
Kilen repeated the words Jace spoke as best he could, Jace says the he was trained in diplomacy and has spoken to a couple traveling Elder Wizards in the past.
He has spoken to kings, queens, nobles, and the like.
Over time he has negotiated treaties, merchant exchanges, and troops for war.
He says if we can get inside, he will be in the best place he could be to arrange the agreement.
Jace will tell me what to say and how to say it.
Max stood, Wow, thats a much better plan than I had.
I was going to say go in swinging, but that will work also.
Joahna and Kilen both looked at him and shook their heads.
What.
If you are going to die, you might as well go down in a blaze of glory.
After all, it is how I died the first time.
They all laughed at the remembrance of Max death, ironically thinking of it as his first.
From the trees above the small camp, Alexander watched as Kilen and two elementals talked amongst themselves.
He found no one else close enough to summon elementals and keep them this close to Kilen.
This meant the elementals were most likely Kilen.
Which was a ridiculous thought because Kilen was talking to them like they were people.
Not to mention all three were moving differently at the same time.
The effort of holding an elemental would take its toll on any human body but here he sat, just outside the grounds of the Elder Wizards chatting, with his elementals.
If the boy could control two elementals at once, he would exhaust himself way before he was able to attempt entrance into the Elder Wizards presence.
He watched as each moved independently, in awe of the the control the boy had.
How each one spoke in a different voice and looked differently as well.
The amount of control it would have taken for each would probably rip a person consciousness in two if held for any amount of time, yet here he sat.
The conversations were not exactly deep, but each statement made perfect sense and not a word was slurred or misspoken.
Alexander noticed the two elementals had a Fire Realm accent, which was peculiar even to a crazy wind wizard.
Alexander could not hear all of what was being spoken, but what he could hear was about the Elder Wizards, diplomacy, and Jace, rest his soul.
When he felt as if he had heard enough he dropped from his perched position from high in the trees.
He landed beside the fire without so much as a sound.
The three stood almost in unison, but the earth elemental was the only one to draw a sword.
Kilen and the elementals all stopped when they saw it was Alexander.
The wind wizard squatted to warm his hands by the fire.
Kilen knew he had been found out.
His secret of being able to summon two elementals was ruined by Alexander presence.
Alexander rubbed his hands together as if he needed warming.
He said nothing for the longest time and ignored the presence of the two elementals.
Jace was screaming unpleasantries in Kilen mind.
Finally, Kilen Wizard spoke, talking to the voices in your head again.
Kilen did not know how to answer, did the wizard already know something.
Do not say a word until he reveals what he knows about you.
He is trying to get you to incriminate yourself, do not let him.
Jace was a knot of concentration in the back of Kilen mind.
Kilen did exactly as Jace wanted and hoped the other two did not say anything.
You know if you continue to talk to yourself, you will begin to look crazy.
Alexander turned his head slowly to look Kilen in the eye.
Tell me boy, how are you doing this.
Kilen did not answer but stood staring into his eyes.
Not talking, eh.
Fine.
I have been watching from above and overheard some of your conversation.
Perhaps when I am done telling you what I know, you will tell me more of what is going on here, Alexander sat down on a log next to Joahna.
The wind picked up a bit to make the coals glow and ruffled the flames in the fire.
Inside that fog you will lose the ability to use any elements except the ones you take in with you, such as your elementals.
They will only be able to use what they are in control of when they form their bodies.
The Elder Wizards rotate the defenses in the fog and other defenses.
I would wait until one of those times when you see the defenses drop, to make your way inside.
Be careful, once you do go inside, they will protect their secrets with no remorse.
I will tell you there is only one way into their town, no matter what kind of wizard or wielder you are.
It is a secret that once you are inside, you must never tell another soul.
Kilen tongue loosened, So you cannot tell me, but you know how to get inside.
Alexander nodded his head.
Can you give me a hint, or a guess.
Hint, yes.
Guess, no.
Here is your hint Without knowing what she does, your mother has taught you to rise above.
To see the elders and request what you seek, your manners must not be bleak.
Kilen took a long while ponder over the riddle Alexander had put before him, until Alexander spoke again.
I have given you all I can give you over the matter, Kilen.
Now, we must discuss how you are doing this.
I want you to know that I have seen others that can do this but for only short periods of time, and none so young or inexperienced as you.
Controlling two elementals at once takes a toll on the wielder so much that it can kill them in short order.
Mind your words Kilen, he is fishing for understanding.
I fear he is trying to draw you into hanging yourself.
Jace was a wairy knot.
Did they ever speak to their elementals.
Kilen asked reluctantly.
Alexander answer was short and stern, No.
Kilen proceeded cautiously, I have found it easier when I summon an elemental, to completely give over a part of my mind and keep none of it for myself.
Twilix told me to give over my mind, but I do not know if I did it right.
A part stayed in my body, and another inside the elemental.
I have just tried it for the first time with more than one and found I can do it not only once, but twice.
He was not really lying.
He really did give over what was a part of his mind.
Alexander answer was low and in a harsh voice, one that Kilen had not heard from him before.
Do not lie to me, Kilen.
I have been a wizard a long time and I know things others do not.
If you do not want to tell your wizard the truth, then your wizard cannot trust you.
Would you like to try again.
How is this possible.
Kilen did not answer, he did not know what to do.
He would sound as if he lost his mind if he told the wizard he actually heard voices and allowed those voices to control his elementals.
If a wizard could understand hearing voices, it would be Alexander, but letting them control his elementals would just sound like another lie.
He kept his silence.
Eventually Alexander stood and turned his back to the three.
He walked to the edge of the camp.
I am disappointed Kilen.
You made an oath to me, your wizard.
How are we to trust one another.
If you cannot trust me with your secrets, then I cannot trust you with mine.
I must leave and get back to the tasks King Atmos has assigned me.
I have already risked my neck to be here against his orders.
Good luck with the Elder Wizards, they will demand answers for the abilities you have presented here tonight.
Kilen, be careful.
They watch you now.
Alexander disappeared into the sky as he always did with a gust of wind from behind to knock anyone down that was not expecting it.
Kilen was left to shame himself for lying.
Chapter Training Dilemma Getting to the front of the marching formation was not as difficult as Bowie had thought it would be.
Thousands of Soldiers were still packing their tents while superiors were making sure none had deserted during the night.
Breakfast was still being cooked, which Bowie was please to see.
He snatched a couple pieces of bread while marching through the camp from a group of drowsing soldiers.
Commanders and leaders pushed back tent flaps to see if any others needed to be roused.
Bowie made his way past the forward guards, who were still strapping armor to packs.
He was just in time to see the scouts disappearing into the forest.
Bowie checked over Charger, who despite the long walk through the night, seemed anxious to run.
Before long, Tyler came riding up in a cart next to Auburn, followed by another Black Hat driving a wagon with a roof and doors covered in plants and flowers of every sort.
Tyler was one of the recruits he really trusted.
Not only because he was from the Water Realm, but because he had helped train the other recruits.
The cart looked like someone traveling home, and he instantly knew it must have been Ria.
The two women found a way to stay close to one another.
Despite his efforts to separate the two, he had failed in his first attempt.
Tyler, report.
Bowie called out.
Master Cresent, we are putting as much of the soldiers equipment as we can into the carts to lighten their loads.
Wizard Ria even spared some space for tents on her roof.
The other two carts will be along shortly, once they are finished being packed.
What are your orders, Master Crescent.
Tyler asked.
Ride this wagon a ways up the road and wait for the others to join, do not let the front guard to get in ahead of you.
Tyler nodded and Bowie mounted Charger.
My lady Auburn, I thank you for the use of your cart, Bowie said.
The red haired girl fired back, Not like I had a choice in the matter.
Bowie removed the hat from his head and scratched his scalp in frustration.
He had only met the girl an hour ago and she had already gotten on his nerves.
He replaced the hat on his head and looked back at the girl, who was staring at him, waiting for a response.
Bowie did not intend to let her dictate the terms of their every conversation, so he stared back in silence.
I guess it is not your fault the King is snatching up every able body in local towns for his ego driven whims.
Next, I suppose he will snatch up all the local bar wenches and throw a party like no one has ever seen before.
Auburn said.
She seemed to remember that she was talking to Bowie and stopped the rant, clearing her throat.
I do suppose I owe you an apology for my mood.
My father taught me to make arrows, bow strings, and recently allowed me to help him construct bows.
I am to support this army by doing those things, so I am in your service.
Bowie smiled and tipped his hat, Well perhaps there hope for you after all.
Miss Auburn, I will need a lot of help in the next few weeks.
Perhaps if you can handle keeping your dislike of the King in check, I will allow you to oversee the production of the armies archery supplies.
You mean be in charge of making all the arrows, strings, and bows.
She said at almost a whisper.
Bowie started in again, riding Charger beside Tyler and Auburn cart, Listen, I have a whole troop of archers to keep in check.
I need someone who already knows the business so I do not have to train them.
You know how to make all the things we need, so I will organize the hunts, food, training, and dealing with the King.
I need you to make as many supplies for the battles ahead as you can.
I will be counting on you to organize all the fletchers.
Auburn smiled, So you want me to order your soldiers around and complete the task the King ordered you to do.
NO.
I want to you to order the fletchers, and fletchers alone.
You will not order soldiers to do anything.
Bowie said curtly.
Ria then, I will be giving her orders.
Auburn asked.
NO.
She is not even mine to command.
Bowie was already fed up with her questions.
Maybe it was a mistake to give her any power at all, but he thought if she was bossing others around, maybe she would not bother him.
Matter of fact, do not even look in Wizard Ria direction.
If you need anything from her, you will come to me with the request and I will take it to her.
Bowie face had turned red with frustration.
He was waiting for the next question to send him over the edge.
Instead, she stood in front of the cart and did a deep curtsy, smiling all the while.
He tore off his hat in frustration and then rode farther back to check on anyone coming up behind Ria cart.
Tyler started the cart moving forward along the road at a slow pace.
Ria driver, also a Black Hat, followed Auburn cart without instruction.
Three carts loaded with fletchers, bags, and soldiers rolled past.
A trail of tired soldiers also followed on foot for a while.
Bowie sat and gave them encouragement from the back of his horse.
Look sharp men, you lead the Kings army now.
Followed by, A good night is sleep lays just down the road.
The latter seemed to motivate them more than the former.
Soon, a refreshed John Curtin brought up the last archers to join the lines.
Bowie added John pack to Charger back and walked beside John.
How many men and bows do we have.
He asked.
We have close to one thousand Black Hats that I counted, twenty five fletchers, and twelve bows, John replied, while trying to knock the dust from his hat.
I do not know what the plan is sir, but I figured you had one.
I would love to know how we are going to supply this army with arrows when we can not even supply our own men with bows.
Bowie answered reluctantly, I am still working some of that out.
For now, all we have to do is get all of our men to the next camp so they can get some sleep.
Perhaps I will be able to formulate a better plan by then.
John seemed to accept the answer he had been given, but even Bowie thought it was a political way of saying he did not know what he was doing.
They both turned to the sound of a horse trotting up behind them to see Lieutenant McClanahan approaching.
Master Crescent, the Lieutenant called out.
I need you for a moment.
Yes, Lieutenant.
Bowie asked as he handed Charger off to John.
Well, here I thought I was going to be leading the army, and one of my own students waltzes into the King tent and steals my glory, The king strategist said.
I would not be saying that so soon.
I am afraid I have my work cut out for me.
I have twelve bows, a thousand men, and we have not slept for a day and a half.
I can only hope to get to a city and see what kind of supplies I can negotiate from them.
Assuming those miracles happen, I might stand a chance to survive the rest of the week.
The Lieutenant unrolled a map,Should not be as hard as you think.
The next town is only a day ride from here.
Of course, it will take longer marching with the army, closer to three days, I presume.
The town is just on the other side of the river, soldiers will need to be ferried.
It will take time to have that many cross, but the town is large enough to support the army on the other side until all can resume the march.
Bowie thought a moment, then said, Maybe I can work something out there.
McClanahan said something about good luck but Bowie heard none of it, his brain was too busy planning.
He quickly caught up to John and took Charger reins.
Mounting, he began to issue orders, John, hurry now.
I need half the bows and nine Black Hats to the front.
I will also take six of the fletchers and Miss Auburn.
Unhitch one of the horses from the wagons, have them saddled and brought to the front.
We are about to see if I am as good of a strategist as Lieutenant McClanahan thinks I am.
Aye, sir.
John started yelling out to the sluggish group that seemed renewed by the new orders being handed out.
Charger danced with Bowie on his back, waiting for the moment that he could run.
Bowie wondered if the men just needed something to keep their mind off of being tired.
He kicked Charger and blew past the men in a flash to get to the front.
Soon he caught up to Auburn cart, with Tyler in the seat next to her.
Bowie called them to a stop.
The archers following Ria cart looked to be happy about stopping to rest, even after they had just gotten started.
He watched as the men started to beat the dust out of their hats that the morning walk had kicked up from the road.
He was happy to see they still took pride in their namesake, even though they were the subject of ridicule for the other soldiers in the army.
Tyler, I need this cart unloaded with as much as you can packed onto the other carts.
We need a few tents, arrows, some food, and tack.
We are taking some fletchers and Black Hats up to the next town to gather supplies and set up a camp for hunting.
Go now.
Tyler tipped his hat after he handed the reigns to Auburn.
Bowie said to Auburn, You are to accompany us on this trip.
I may need you to help me gather supplies for making some arrows.
She stood and curtsied from the driver seat.
Bowie nodded at her in return and rode back to Ria wagon where other Black Hat was driving.
Where is the wizard.
Bowie asked.
She is inside resting, Master Crescent.
She told me to follow your orders.
So am I commanding you, or is she.
Bowie snapped at the man.
Uhm um, you are, Master Crescent.
What are your orders.
he was practically shaking.
Bowie had never had that kind of response from anyone before.
He kind of liked it, yet felt guilty all at the same time.
He had not meant to snap at the guy, just wanted to make sure no one was doubting him as being in charge.
Good, now I want you to set the pace for our travel.
Move this wagon up the road as fast as you can while letting the wizard sleep.
If we can not keep up, stop at the river and wait for us.
Do you understand.
AYE, sir.
he said, cracking the reigns.
The wagon sped up and went around Auburn cart, now being stacked with supplies.
I want room for the six fletchers in this cart plus the driver and Miss Auburn up front.
Bowie barked to the men loading the cart.
Men started to jump in the cart and Tyler took his seat back next to Auburn.
She gave him back the reigns as she started to assess each of the men skills in fletching.
John Curtain came up with men, bows, and horses.
John shouted, Mount up men, we are going to try and make the ferry by nightfall.
The men mounted and Bowie waved them down the road.
Tyler set the pace to catch up with Ria cart.
Bowie leaned in his saddle, John, get the rest up the road as best you can and catch up to us on the other side of the river.
Bowie turned to address the rest of the followers waiting to start the march again.
Men, I am taking a small group ahead to get supplies before this army arrives and cleans them out.
If you want a chance at getting a bow, new boots, ale, or anything of the sort, you had better give up some of that coin in your pocket.
Most of them turned to look at each other, then a few stepped forward and handed Bowie any spare copper and silver they had.
More and more fished some out of their pockets and brought it to him.
Bowie remembered taking most of the men first bit of pay when he brought in a cart of merchandise from Deuterium.
He stood in his saddle and fished out his own coin purse.
Putting his hand inside, he took a handful of gold.
Slowly, he dropped his gold in the pouch containing the soldier money, one at a time, for all to see.
I will do my best to get everything we will need for battle.
I do not intend to be on the front line without every Black Hat holding a bow, and every quiver full of arrows.
He shouted so those still arriving in the back could hear him.
He turned and rode off to catch up with the small group as the rest of his troop cheered at his words of promise.
Halfway to the front of his troop line, he started to doubt himself.
He had no idea what it would take to gather supplies, or if he should split his troop.
He should have consulted with Lt.
McClanahan, or at least John.
It was too late now.
He could not bring his troop back together and rescind his orders.
It would make him look a fool.
Looking down with disappointment in himself, he saw that his wrist guard had come loose.
He pulled the leather strap and felt the wind magic flow into him again.
Kara loved every minute spent in the sun after being stuck down in the dungeons for so long.
It seemed like she had spent an eternity down in that cell.
Sometimes she still awoke at night, thinking she was inside.
Her life was better now laying in the tent, feeling the sun warmth through the canvas walls.
She reached out to the heat and soaked it up.
She use to do this before she was a wizard, but now it seemed to give her energy.
She used to lay in the sun for hours until her mother would call her in to help with chores.
It invigorated her, refreshed her, and made her feel happy.
Standing, she took a brush that Twilix had laid out for her, and brushed her hair.
She was now dressed in one of the water wizard blue dresses the two were almost the same size.
Looking in the mirror, she wished she had a ribbon to tie her hair back.
A ribbon like the one she had hung from the pommel of her brother sword.
She teared up any time she remembered the sacrifices her brother and Bowie had suffered for her.
She heard more about Kilen sword training and torture everyday.
Soldiers and wielders alike, talked about him as a very impressive soldier.
Most had made a legendary figure out of her brother from seeing him fight the king Champion on their graduation day.
Now, he was off fighting the world to make sure she stayed safe.
Kara peeked out the tent flap to see four hulking men in imbued armor facing her tent.
They were wielders of earth and water, sent to contain any danger she might cause.
They watched her day and night without reprieve.
She had taken to giving them nicknames, since none would talk directly to her, let alone introduce themselves.
Twilix said these men had spoken to the guards in the dungeons and thought they were too soft on her.
She said they considered it a disregard for their duties to fraternize with the fire wielders.
They stood in unison as she peeked her face out the slit in the tent.
She ducked back inside and laid down on her cot.
Do not any of you come in here.
You might get burned to a crisp by the big bad thirteen year old fire wizard.
she shouted.
No response came from the outside.
Even though she was out of the dungeons, she was still a prisoner.
Picking up one of the books Twilix had brought her on fire wizards, she started to read about ways to use fire magic.
The books held instructions on using fire magic when a new wizard or weapon bearer had no teacher.
Kara would have normally found them very exciting, but every time she wanted to try something she read about, Twilix would say no.
She said that it could be dangerous without an experience fire wizard to watch over her.
She read them anyway.
She had started with one that Twilix recommended to learn to control her anger.
Kara was already in control of her emotions and had barely skimmed the pages of the old, fragile book with burnt pages and binding.
Next had been a book on creating flames as an outlet for anger, and the one after that was on using anger to increase heat in a flame.
The books were nothing that she had wanted to read until she came across one called Inferno Fire.
Shed read it with particular interest.
In its binding it contained instructions to create a sphere of heat smashed together on top of a ball of more heat.
Each layer of heat adding intensity to the sphere.
When the swirling ball of heat was released it could burn through a stone wall, or melt the skin off of a warrior without even touching them.
The effects of the weapon did not interest her, but the instructions on how to make it were fascinating.
Turning the fire inside itself like rolling a ball of yarn, smashing it together while feeding heat in at the same time.
The fire would turn a color of white and begin to shake with the fury contained in the ball of flame.
The book said there was so much fury contained in a ball of Inferno Fire that it should be used only as a last resort.
Kara wanted to make sure she knew how to use it in case that time ever came.
Today she started reading the book again in case she got the chance to make one, she would need no instruction.
From outside she heard a commotion amongst the guards.
She gently put the book down and went to the tent flaps, only to be knocked over by a rushing Twilix.
The water wizard arms were full of blankets and food.
Kara had not seen her wake, but she obviously had not brushed her hair or washed properly.
Twilix looked frantic and then Kara saw it.
What she thought were white gloves on the wizard was actually a thin layer of frost.
Twilix turned to face Kara, her eyes were hollow and dark.
She looked pale, like she might sick up at any moment.
I need your help Kara, she forced out through strained voice.
Kara placed a hand on Twilix arm, which was so cold that she yanked her hand back, Whatever I can do.
Twilix put out a hand and lowered herself on to the bed, I need you to help me to stay alive.
Normally a water wizard would watch over one like myself, but they have all gone to war.
I am the only one left.
I need you to keep me warm or the magic will freeze me solid.
Kara opened her arms and put her palms up and brought a flame to live in each.
What is wrong with you.
Why is the magic trying to kill you.
Kara asked concerned.
Twilix closed her eyes and seemed to welcome the warmth of the flames.
It is not trying to kill me, Kara.
I am aging.
It is something that happens to young wizards like you and I.
Normal humans take a long time to age, Twilix let out a groan of pain.
Kara brought the flames closer to the bed and watched as the thin layer of frost melted, making the blonde wizard skin glisten with droplets of moisture.
Twilix continued through obvious pain, Normal beings take sometimes several years to pass from children to teenagers.
When wizards age, the magic we posses fuels us in our process.
Some magics are easier to age through than others.
I am sorry that I must tell you that fire seems to be the worst.
Water is not so bad.
Water magic helps to heal my body as it changes.
The process will change my body like a caterpillar into a butterfly.
In a short time, my body will mature into one of a woman.
I would like it if you helped me through this trial.
Kara was scared, the wizard seemed to be freezing, yet sweating due to the pain.
How can I help.
Tell me what to do, Kara said, holding the flames as close to Twilix as she could without hurting the wizard.
Twilix took a drink from a water skin and slowly answered as her eyes started to close.
Wizard Parker will be here soon to help.
Do as he says and all will be well.
He has done this before.
Her voice trailed off as she fell into unconsciousness.
She wanted to scream for help but found no moisture in her throat.
She had never been alone with someone like this before.
Kara started to panic.
Her heart raced and her mind went in different directions of scenarios of what could happen as she stood there, holding flames near the water wizard.
She increased the size of the flame in an attempt to wake Twilix, or at least keep her thawed.
Soon she felt something hit her shoulder.
She turned to see Wizard Parker throwing rocks at her.
She lowered the flames back to where they were, but it did nothing to sooth her panic.
The wizard stepped inside, shielding his face from the smoke coming from the ruins of a burning tent roof.
Water sprayed over the top, drenching the three wizards and nearly extinguishing Kara flames.
One of her guards put out the fire that was eating holes in the canvas roof.
Kara, she does not need an oven, she just needs to be warm.
Just keep your flames about the size of those in a hearth at your home, Brandon said while standing well outside the flames.
Kara adjusted the flames and took a step back so Brandon could examine her.
He had never spoken to her before.
He had always stood off to the the side of the training grounds while she battled with Twilix or one of the water wielders standing guard.
Wizard Parker touch seemed to help make Twilix more comfortable.
Her breathing became deep, and color returned to her skin.
She was sleeping, and that helped Kara relax.
Kara, we have a long road ahead of us.
I need to know right now if you are truly in control of that flame.
If you have any doubt about your control over your emotions I need you to tell me now, Wizard Parker said.
His voice was calm as he continued to examine Twilix.
He did not even turn to look at Kara.
I am in control, but how can I help.
she said pleadingly.
He finally looked at Kara, still standing close, holding flames in both hands.
He stood and put his hand on her shoulder.
You are already doing it, he said caringly.
Just keep her warm.
Keep her blood from freezing in her veins, that is all.
He said it as if it was a small and simple task.
Perhaps he saw the terror in her eyes.
I will have the hard part after all.
I will have to return here a few times a day to help her body heal.
If we are lucky, this growth will be complete in a few days.
If not, well, we will do what we must.
You are the only fire wizard here in control of their powers.
So you are her only chance at staying alive.
Keep her alive, Kara, because at the end of this I will have to make a report to the King.
I would like it to say you were able to save her, instead of the alternative.
He held up the tent flap to leave and Kara stopped him, Wait.
She was telling me about aging and she did not get to finish.
Wizard Parker smiled at her, She will finish when she wakes.
I think that you should have had a pretty good lesson in wizard aging by the time she is finished.
Just keep her warm and get rest when you can.
The more rest you get, the less taxing it will be on me.
I will have some food and water brought in to help keep your strength up.
He smiled and let the tent flap fall closed.
She was, again, left alone with books of instruction that she could not practice, but now with good reason.
Chapter The Magic Word The ground was covered with dew and the birds chirped amongst the trees.
So far the morning was cool, but by midday Kilen was sure it would be stifling.
He had slept well, almost too well.
He took a moment to remember where he was and the tasks that he had at hand.
Kilen rubbed the sleep from his eyes, even though he could not open them all the way yet.
The sun angled through the trees just enough to blind him.
Stretching his arms wide, he let out a yawn.The slow waking was abruptly interrupted when his own boots hit him in the chest.
He grudgingly put them on his feet.
Joahna spoke in low tones and Kilen knew the reason was to not disturb the serene sounds of nature.
I found some eggs earlier while flying around.
Max is hunting for some meat to put in your belly.
It is best to have a meal in you before we deal with whatever the elders have to throw at us.
Kilen nodded, pulling his boots on, What if there is not anything to stand in our way.
Well then, we walk in over prepared.
Believe me, that is better than the alternative, Joahna chuckled as if he has made a joke.
Kilen knew it was no laughing matter, he was the only one that could die.
He was still unsure if they would die with him or not.
He had already learned that once summoned, they could walk around without him maintaining contact with his sword.
He stood and continued to get dressed in spite of the bad joke.
Better wear all the armor and the shield.
Joahna laughed again, Despite what Jace wants, we need to make an announcement of what you are and who you represent.
He grudgingly went over to the pile of armor and picked up his leather vest.
The armor underneath was polished so well that the light reflecting off of it temporarily blinded Kilen.
He put his arm up in front of his face to block the light.
Max worked on those all night long, so you had better not complain about it, Joahna said.
A noise from in the brush revealed a stone man, covered in moss to represent hair and clothing, stepped into view.
Complaints about what.
he said.
Max was carrying a rabbit in his stone hands.
I was telling him not to complain about the armor polish, Joahna said back.
He can complain all he wants, I know Jace probably is.
After all, I have never polished armor before.
I did the best I could do with what I could find.
He turned his finger into a knife and started skinning the rabbit.
Polished armor is only good for two things.
One is giving away your position.
Can you guess the other, Kilen.
Blinding an enemy in battle.
Kilen retorted.
Max stopped moving as if considering the idea.
His knife finger went back to work moments later.
Okay, then three things.
The third is attracting a woman to lose your pay to.
Two of the three I would say are bad, and the likelihood of the third is small.
He chuckled to himself, But you are just ugly enough to scare any woman away if you removed your helmet promptly.
A stick grew beside Max foot and he skewered the rabbit on it and placed it on the fire.
The smell of cooking meat made Kilen stomach growl.
Joahna gave him the cooked eggs, which he quickly devoured.
Washing them down with a long drink from a cooled water skin, he took a moment to thank everyone for taking care of him.
Every night they watched over him while he slept.
They healed his wounds, energized his body, and fed him every day.
Max had even taken up sewing and polishing his armor and boots.
He wished he had something to offer them in return, instead they protected him by staying hidden within him.
They protected him by not letting his secret slip.
He had nothing to give them other than the freedom from his mind by being in an elemental.
The only thing that he could give them is a relentless pursuit of new bodies.
Kilen knew that if he ever found a way to return them to a body that he would miss them immensely.
Gripping his blade he felt the earth magic determination slip into his mind, he let tiniest amount take control.
Setting the chainger in place, he was determined in mind and in magic to restore the men he had killed.
This new determination gave him energy and an eagerness to fight his way to the knowledge he needed.
He started putting on his armor and found that the cold, shiny steel emboldened his eagerness to fight.
It made him feel strong and invincible He felt like he was becoming steel himself.
Joahna helped fasten the leather straps and adjust the armor to fit properly.
All the armor fit better now than when he first received it.
He had gained some muscle and stood straighter than he had before.
The armor felt natural, it felt like a part of him.
Joahna held the polished shield before Kilen so that he could see his reflection in the steel surface.
He looked to the sides of the green oak tree symbol of the Earth Realm to find a weapon bearer staring back.
Joahna cleared his throat, I am holding this so you can try it on while the rodent cooks.
Kilen quickly snapped out of the statue like position and took the shield.
He hefted it and tried its weight, swinging it back and forth.
He drew his sword and held both at the ready, peering just over the top of the shield.
He watched as the ice elemental clapped his solid hands together making a loud crack each time they met.
It should be about ready.
Eat, so we can get this over with.
Kilen nodded and carefully put the shield back on the canvas sack from where Joahna had picked it up.
Anxious to be on their way, he ate what tough meat there was on the small rabbit.
He licked the grease off his fingers and savored the flavor of a hot meal.
He had been eating the dried meat and bread Leroy had made.
It tasted good, but having it for every meal for days was getting old.
He wiped the remnants of his food on the moss covered ground and picked up his shield.
Kilen began to untie his horse from the tree and a moss covered stone hand touched his shoulder.
We will not be needing the horse, Max said.
I think it would be better if we did not put Jasper in danger.
I am going to walk in then.
He asked, starting towards the wall of fog.
No, I will carry you, Max said.
Kilen turned just in time to watch Max body contort and form into a large stone horse.
A moss covered back doubled as a saddle and roots came out of his back for Kilen to hold onto.
Stirrups formed of roots, seeming to grow right out of the rock.
Black stones, filling the cavities that were his eyes, stared at Kilen.
Kilen did not think that stones could hold emotions, but the determination rolling off the elemental multiplied Kilen own determination to find the man his own body.
Kilen put a foot in one of the root stirrups, which constricted, lifting him onto the soft, moss saddle.
The roots held him securely in place so he drew his sword and held his shield at the ready.
Jace formed images of how to attack while on horseback, Kilen did not even stop to think that he did not know how to fight on one.
Max danced the horse body around lightly, testing Kilen balance.
Kilen looked up as Joahna, in the form of a giant eagle, circled above the tops of the trees.
Max edged closer to the wall of fog that enveloped this portion of the forest.
Kilen closed his eyes and pushed his magic senses out, trying to see using the water vision.
He saw nothing but solid water.
He had seen Twilix use a trick, pushing a lining of water around her so that she appeared to be in a void.
The fog was the opposite, the presence of water and magic were so thick it appeared to be as if Kilen were about to step into a standing wave.
Solid and un penetrable by Kilen regular or magic sight.
The forest seemed to become so silent that Kilen swore his breathing would be heard for miles.
His heart beat in his chest as if it were going to break free of its skeletal cage.
He tried to control the noise his body was making when a loud screech came at him from behind.
The surprising sound sent a shiver up his spine, paralyzing him has its streaked past.
Kilen saw the glass like form of an eagle disappear into the fog, and the noise cut off as if sound disappeared inside the fog.
Kilen strained to hear anything but nothing escaped the other side.
The stone horse between his legs bent its knees as if to pounce.
It was time to face the Elder Wizards.
Kilen and Max lurched forward into the fog wall.
His magic and physical senses all returned at once.
He could hear and see the forest on the other side of the fog wall.
The fog was still thick and blocked him from seeing much more than two of Max strides.
He could hear the screeches of Joahna already deep in the forest.
Max seemed to be trying to catch up.
He sped through the forest with an unnatural speed.
Kilen tried to find a grip on Max stone neck with his shield hand but was unable grasp him.
A tree limb came out of the fog and connected with Kilen chest.
The limb broke free of the tree, only mildly knocking the wind out of Kilen.
That he was Still sitting upright was a surprise to Kilen, but he managed to raise his shield before he collided with the next branch.
Max did not slow or falter in any way.
Then he realised that Max, himself, was pushing through branches as well.
Kilen kept his shield at the ready, colliding with a few more branches.
They started to grow vines out after he struck them.
The vines wrapped around Kilens shield arm, his chest, and Max legs.
Some dropped from the canopy above to wrap around Kilens midsection in an attempt to unhorse him.
With his feet securely wrapped in the vine stirrups he felt as if he were being ripped in two.
Quickly, Kilen swung his sword, slicing them free of the rapidly growing vines and Max doubled his effort as if he were trying to pull the trees from the ground.
With each vine cut, the remaining vines groaned with tension.
Kilen fought vigorously until the rest holding Max snapped and they moved forward at his unnatural speed.
Kilen watched and slashed any more that came near and once even sliced through a tree branch too thick for a regular man axe.
The trees opened to a wall of fog, which Max jumped through and into a marsh.
No trees grew here, only the occasional bush in shallow water.
Kilen could still hear Joahna screeching in the distance.
It was the only thing making a sound that Kilen could hear.
Max said nothing, only trudged on through the shallow water.
Reeds protruded from the water surface every few feet giving the illusion of solid ground, but sank when Max stepped on them.
The surface of the water was calm, only being disturbed by the movement of Max stone hooves.
Then he noticed at the edges of his vision that the water surface was beginning to crystalize.
It is freezing, he said calmly to Max.
The elemental horse wasted no time picking up his pace as Kilen realized that the ice forming atop the water was approaching quickly, as if chasing them.
The ice was gaining ground as Max pushed himself to go faster than before.
Kilen and Max raced forward, trying to outrun the freezing water encroaching from all sides.
Kilen turned in time to see a large spike of ice burst out from the water and into Max chest.
Max stone form shattered, letting Kilens root stirrups free of the rock bonds.
He went tumbling forward, unsure which way was up or down until he reached the icy cold water.
Jumping up to get out of the water was the most natural reaction to the frigidness that attacked him.
He tried to use his fire magic, but none came.
He tried to pull the water from his clothes as Brent had taught him, but nothing happened.
He had no magic here.
Kilen was unable to escape the water drenching him.
The creeping ice followed him, surrounding him like a moving pillar of water.
It creeped up his clothes, chilling him to the bone.
He swung his sword wildly, to no avail.
The surface creeped up around him encasing his body in a pillar of water.
His chest burned for the need of oxygen.
His vision was starting to fade around the edges.
He had felt like this before when his body lacked the strength to breath, back at an inn in the Water Realm.
He heard Jace voice in his head screaming to use magic.
He could not.
He had no control of the elements around him.
He was dying.
And then he panicked.
He pushed against the encasement of ice as hard as he could.
The ice was no match for his imbued strength, the pillar shattered and he broke off the leftover pieces clinging to his body.
Kilen stepped onto the surface of the now frozen marsh and carefully made his way to what was a horse made out of rock.
Max was frozen in place under the ice as pebbles.
Kilen used his sword to hack away at the ice until Max was freed.
The ice began to break apart and stones started to roll out of the hole, collecting themselves into a pile on top of the ice.
He watched as Max slowly put himself back together.
Kilen watched his breath and he tried to shake off the feeling of freezing to death in water soaked clothes.
His hand hurt from gripping the cold metal hilt of his blade.
His concentration was broken with a loud snap of ice cracking behind him.
The water below crept up through the crack in the ice, forming a blob of taller than Kilen.
He watched as the blob took the form of a man and pulled a length of water from its back and formed a wickedly spiked blade.
A deranged smile came over the head of the blob, giving such detail to the now glass like form as the man turned to ice.
Kilen was glad he had held onto his blade.
The man attacked with a strike from overhead.
Kilen dodged to the side, letting the man flow past, exposing his back to Kilen.
Kilen swung, but slipped on the wet, icy surface, and missed the elemental.
The man slammed his spiked blade into the pile of rocks and split it into four blades, throwing bits of Max in all directions.
Kilen quickly realized that this new enemy was not there for him.
It was not there for him yet anyway.
Kilen advanced before the man could cause anymore damage to Max pile of pebbles.
He struck with force, sending chunks of ice in all directions.
The bottom of the ice man turned to water and flattened against the surface of the ice.
The water surface cracked and two blobs of water rose where the puddle lay forming two more men.
Kilen struck at the water just to have his blade meet only that, water.
He easily sliced through the blobs which then instantly froze solid and pulled blades from their backs.
Kilen had put so much force into his swing that he slipped on the slick surface and was thrown several feet away.
He stood but was too late, he watched as the small pile of rocks tried to solidify just to be cracked by the spiked ice blades.
Kilen raced back and slammed his shield into the first man and struck the second with his blade.
Ice crumbled into blocks and slid in all directions.
The rocks were now tumbling quickly across the frozen surface back to the original pile, forming faster than ever.
Kilen knew Max was trying as hard as he could.
Kilen needed to buy him some time.
several cracks broke open to let blobs ooze out and start building again.
Kilen felt as if this was some type of ridiculous game of death with no end.
He fought on anyway.
He circled Max, watching each of the blobs form into men, solidify, and draw their blades.
Remembering what Gortus had taught him, he moved, avoiding attacks and striking where he found an opening.
Ice shattered under the swing of his blade and splintered with the strength of his shield.
The cold clung to him, but in the heat of battle he no longer felt its pain.
Gortus training had hardened him against it.
The crystalline men fell on him from both sides of Max now man sized pile of fluidly moving rocks.
Max formed his true form and walked laboriously to each scattered piece of rock.
Soon he had enough rock to form a blade of his own.
The icemen did not stand a chance with the two fighting side by side.
Shards of ice flew in all directions, cutting Kilen.
Holding his shield up did little good against the tiny razors.
Through the battle of ice and earth Kilen saw a clear figure pick the last piece of earth off of the ground and hold it up in his hand.
A second later Max blade sliced through the arm sending the frozen hand in the air.
Max caught the hand and crushed it in his mighty earthen grip.
When he opened his hand, only water trickled out the stone had already been absorbed back into his hand.
The ice melted and the air warmed as Max turned back into the form of a horse.
Kilen wasted no time in mounting, this time gripping the pommel of a stone saddle.
Max quickly splashed his way through another wall of fog.
Kilen was ready for anything, but it looked exactly like the forest they saw when they first entered the fog.
This forest was silent.
Kilen could not hear Joahna screeching from wherever in this chaos he was.
Although it looked the same here, no tree branches blocked his path and no vines reached for him.
Max did not stop to look for enemies.
He pushed forward at a dangerous speed for a normal horse.
Trees blurred past as he weaved in and out of them while Kilen kept his shield up and his eyes low.
Then something moved in the distance just in the corner of his vision.
The movement that had caught Kilen attention was a small bush burning hundreds of paces away.
He watched the small bush burn and the flames dance until he saw a new light at the corner of his eye.
He turned his head more to look directly behind him and saw a couple of trees aflame in the path Max had just traveled.
The burning trees from behind them got smaller as they rode on through the forest.
While watching behind them, Kilen felt a bit of heat coming from the left side of the path.
Kilen turned in his saddle to face the heat and saw the whole left side of the forest was aflame, only a few paces from the path.
He stared in awe as they rode on and left the burning patch of trees behind.
He turned in his saddle again to face right, searching for any flame among the trees.
The entire forest to the right side was aflame only fifteen paces away.
He looked back to see the flames chasing the stone horse as it sprinted through the now burning forest.
Each time Kilen faced away from the trees they seemed to burst into flame, and only stopped when he looked at them.
Kilen realized this was not just a test but a game of wits and power.
He could do nothing to stop the flames even if he had skill in fire magic.
Here, in this forest, he knew he had no control of the elements.
Kilen did the only thing he could do he moved in the saddle, looking in all directions to keep the flames at bay.he shouted over the crackling of burning branches.
Faster, Max.
I am trying to hold the flames off but you must hurry.
Max lowered his neck and Kilen felt his legs sink into the body of the stone horse.
The flames and trees closest to the path were a blur in Kilen vision.
He was unsure if it was because of the speed or because of the smoke that now stung his eyes.
He could not keep his eyes open, but every time he closed them heat came from all directions.
Kilen looked down to the ground and saw that the grass on the forest path was now red with flames.
His armor steamed and the edges of his green cloak started to turn black.
Kilen now felt the burning heat in his legs Max legs were starting to glow red from the heat of the ground.
Kilen screamed for his legs to be released from the stone horse grasp.
Kilen pulled his legs from the molded stone, and put his boots upon Max back.
Kilen balanced carefully on the horse back pulling the hood near his eyes to protect it from the embers floating in the air.
Once again Max was stopped abruptly and Kilen tumbled through the air, this time landing on his shield and sliding to a stop.
Kilen leaped up off the ground that was now starting to blacken as the blades of grass were consumed.
Kilen felt the immense heat from all around, he felt as if he had been tossed into the blacksmith forge.
Kilen looked up for a way to help Max escape whatever had stopped him this time, just to see the earth had opened up beneath his friend.
The form of a horse sunk lower into what looked to be liquid metal bubbling up through a crack in the earth.
Kilen tried to step closer, but his cloak started to catch fire.
He painfully backed away watching his friend being swallowed up into the earth fiery maw.
Kilen knew there was nothing he could do for his friend as he had no magic to protect him from the heat.
Max must have known this as well, because Kilen felt the all too familiar concussion in his head from his friend returning spirit.
The unexpected feeling made Kilen stagger, growing weak in the knees as he fell backwards through another wall of fog.
Kilen double vision corrected and the world stopped tilting as he lay looking up at the sky.
The white clouds far above made him think that this whole ordeal could have been a dream.
He moved his shield arm and felt the burned skin stretch.
Pain flared up his arm and Kilen clinched his muscles in response.
Clinching only made the pain worse.
It caused the skin to stretch and split open in areas that were more severely burnt.
Kilen was unsure if he went unconscious from pain or if he blacked out from Max return.
He woke to the same peaceful, clear view of the sky, pain in every part of his body, and the voices of Jace, Max, and Joahna arguing in his mind.
He thought perhaps Joahna returned while he was blacked out, or maybe he was the reason he finally did.
He lay listening to them argue about what to do next.
If magic could be controlled here in this part of the Elder Wizard forest defense.
Kilen tried to summon a drink of water but nothing happened.
He could not control the water in the air nor could he feel it.
Kilen slowly whispered the words, Max, help with the pain.
Of course, I will do my best.
I would take it slow Kilen, and listen to the others.
Only our wits and your body can help you here, Max said.
Soon the pain lessened enough that Kilen was able to make his way to his knees.
He found himself in an open grassy field, one side bordered by a wall of fog and a gray rock wall on the other slightly curved.
Trees stretching out of the fog gave shade from the sun and did not look like they were burning from this side.
He wondered if there would be an unburnt forest on the other side if he tried to walk through.
His skin warned him not to try.
Kilen looked down at his hands blistered from the heat and cut from the shards of ice and vines.
His body was so badly torn that the cool breeze blowing through the field caused him pain.
He had no one to heal him or renew his strength.
He did his best to stand while saying, I have no choice but to continue.
Max must have redoubled his efforts as the pain subsided.
Kilen knew that Max was fighting an unseen battle inside the recesses of his mind.
He made a choice not to put himself in any undue pain to keep Max from being overwhelmed.
He was, at least, able to move with Max help.
Kilen slowly staggered in the open field somewhere between the rock wall and the forest.
The wall was curved so that if he walked along its edge he would be able to round it in less than an hour.
Now that he was away from the fog he could see that it too was curved bordering the other side of the field.
Kilen began traveling in the same direction for three hours without finding the other side of the rock wall.
There were no seams, no cracks, and no entrances to the wall.
He also did not find the path he should have been leaving in the knee high grass.
He knew he should have passed it long ago.
Turning to face the wall of stone he knew that eventually he would have to climb it.
What do you think Jace, up the wall or keep walking.
Kilen had purposely kept equal distance from the wall and the fog.
He was doing his best to be ready for anything, not to mention that he was scared of what would happen if he got close.
I do not think we have much of a choice, up the wall and over or back into fog, Jace voice was calm and determined.
Max agreed.
Kilen squatted in the grass and took a water skin from his leather satchel.
The water skin was hot so he laid it on the grass to cool.
In the bottom of the bag was his last piece of dried Kapal seasoned meat.
The spice was hot, but he had grown accustomed to eating it.
The strange mix of spices made for a potent energy boost, and he would need it for whatever came next.
Eating the dried piece of meat as fast as he could, he uncorked the water skin and poured the heated water into his mouth spilling some on his chin.
The heat from the water sent new spikes of pain down his face and neck.
He took the pain and waited for his energy to be renewed by his imbuements and his Kapal seasoned meat.
He watched the top of the rock wall as he contemplated his path to climb.
The wall was about one hundred meters tall.
High enough that he could not jump to the top.
Short enough that he might be able to climb if he was at his best.
He knew strength would not be the problem, wind would be.
It was the only element he had not combated up to this point, and wind was what he feared the most.
Alexander had taught him that it was far from the weakest of the elements and possibly the most powerful.
He decided to leap as far up the wall as he could and have the best hold on the rock.
The jump would cause him pain, but it would make the journey to the top the fastest.
He wondered what type of test was at the top.
He again reflected on his training with Gortus, first learn to walk before you learn to fight.
He had to get to the top before he could worry about what was there.
Kilen finished off his meat and water, careful not to spill any more on his face.
He painfully stood and made his way to the bottom of the rock wall.
The surface was free of dirt, dust, and vegetation.
It was not perfect, but the further he looked up the wall, the smoother the surface got.
Kilen felt the surface of the stone.
It was cool to the touch so he place his red blistered cheek on the rock and felt some small relief.
There seemed to be no effect with him touching the rock so he stayed and took small pleasure at the rocks cool temperature.
He gave the Elder Wizards no warning with his next move.
Kilen squatted low and pushed off the ground as hard as he could, reaching for a hand hold at his highest point.
He missed and started to fall, but was able to grab a small ledge big enough for one hand.
Hurriedly he found small areas to gain some grasp with his feet.
He looked down and saw that he had made it more than half way up the cliff side, but was unable to push off again without leaping backwards.
He was looking up and down the cliff when he noticed the tall grass down below start to rustle in the the breeze.
He knew the wind was coming.
The grass to his right was still until the breeze moved across it.
To his left, the grass was already wiping in the wind as if in a summer storm.
Without another thought of pain he looked up and moved as fast as he could, reaching for handhold and foothold, one after the other.
The wind finally reached Kilen, and it did not come on gently.
The pain that the breeze inflicted on his skin steadily increased until Kilen was clutching the surface of the rock pressing his body as close to the surface as he could.
He moved one hand above his head and along the surface of the rock to find a grip.
The wind was now at a torrent, stronger than he had ever felt before.
Kilen made his mistake when he moved a foot off the only hold it had to reach for another.
The wind seemed to latch onto his leg and push it away from the rock surface.
Kilen was carried out into the wind away from the rock as it turned him in every direction but the way he wanted.
He hit the ground feet first in a crumple.
Despite Max best effort, the pain overcame Kilens senses and he once again lost consciousness.
He woke to silence, which was surprising.
Kilen laid on his stomach, the smell of fresh grass in his nose.
The wind was calm again.
He picked himself up and noticed the sun was just rising over the trees.
He had been there all night with his face in the dirt.
Because of his magic imbuements the burns on his skin had lessened, but his legs and joints were all sore from the trials of the day before.
Without taking any time to revise his plan he closed the distance to the wall and started climbing.
It did not take long for his second attempt to be thwarted.
This time he was removed from the wall before he was halfway up.
When he hit the ground, he picked himself up and dusted off, ignoring the pain.
Again he jumped as hard as he could, but this time the wind was ready and caught him mid flight, throwing him nearly all the way to the fog wall.
Kilen stood again and watched as the fog parted into a narrow path.
On the other side of the fog was Kilen camp.
The camp was only feet away his food and horse were within reach.
The Elder Wizards were tempting him.
He rebuked the temptation and ran at full speed towards the rock.
He jumped at half the distance but was thrown directly to the ground just after his feet left it.
He pushed up from the ground just to be lifted and thrown back, again towards the fog.
He lay there being caressed by the breeze, facing an open path to his camp.
He wondered if this was the test, or if getting to the top of the cliff was the test.
Kilen remained on his stomach and crawled slowly to the rock surface just as Gortus had him train on his first day.
The wind could gain no hold on him so close to the ground.
He grabbed a handhold on the rock wall with one hand and pulled himself up the rock surface.
He had an idea to change this game to his advantage.
Kilen reached back and slammed a fist into the stone.
Rock broke away and his skin began to bleed, but he had made his own hand hold.
He pulled himself up and reached back to slam another fist into the rock, only this time his arm went shoulder deep into a liquid stone which hardened around his arm instantly.
He tried to pull his arm free but it was stuck inside the stone.
He waited for any change in the stone to happen but nothing did.
The wind seemed to have stilled.
Letting go of his hold, he tried to swing again at the surface with his other arm and was met again with liquid rock.
Now, with both arms stuck in the side of the rock wall, he moved his feet as close to his arms as possible.
Kilen pushed his feet against the wall as hard as he could.
The stone started to crack between his two arms, and with a burst of flying stone he was thrown back, again to the wall of fog.
The hole in the rock melted closed, as smooth as it had been before.
Kilen came to the realization that they would not let him succeed in this task.
He was sure the Elder Wizards were trying to tell him to go home, but he knew he could not.
The Wizards had to have been watching him, so instead of trying to come to them, he decided to do what he had come there to do.
I know you can hear me, He said, nearly out of breath.
I can not go home, I cannot leave without delivering my message.
King Atmos has sent me here on what he sees as an impossible mission.
He has sent me here to my death.
If I am do die, then I will die doing what I said I would do.
There is a war starting at the border of the Earth and Fire Realms.
King Atmos marches there now to fight an army brought by the Fire Realm.
He requests your assistance in this battle.
If you deny his request and do not march to war then it is me that goes into the traitors bowls.
If I leave here without pleading his request, it is me that goes into the traitors bowls.
If I do not return to him, it is my sister that goes into the traitors bowls.
I beg of you, please do not make me continue this test.
Please let me plead the case of my king.
Please reveal yourself to me.
No voice returned to answer his pleading.
Kilen waited in silence until he had caught his breath from being thrown around from the wind.
When no answer came he hung his head low and began to walk toward the rock wall again.
He immediately was lifted and slammed back to the ground by a gust of wind.
This time he landed flat on his back and watched the fog come from all sides of his vision.
Kilen sat up and watched figures approach in the fog from every direction.
A voice broke through the fog like a wise grandfather, There, was that so hard.
All you had to do was ask.
Kilen finally understood Alexander hint.
He should have just been polite all along.
Chapter Businessman Blight The ferry proved to be a frustrating experience as it took so long to get everything loaded and unloaded for each trip across the river.
Bowie men had made great time getting to the river, but lost their lead while waiting for the ferry.
They were so fast that Bowie had arrived there only a few hours after the sun had set.
The ferrymen were already done for the day, so his troop had to wait till morning.
Unfortunately that meant his men had not been able to set up a permanent camp.
They were, at least, able to bed down for the night and get a good night is sleep after pushing so hard.
Finally having crossed the river, Bowie had found a campsite outside the town walls and near the trees.
He ordered Tyler to the task of getting the permanent site set up for a week stay in the area.
He hoped to get into town soon and acquire enough supplies to get the men started on outfitting the army with bows and arrows.
Bowie watched as yet another completed trip pulled into the dock,the burly ferrymen pulling their way along the ropes.
Being the businessman he was, Bowie knew they could have charged more.
Auburn and some of her fletchers had come across in the second trip, and now Ria with the rest of the fletchers.
One more trip and Bowie small advance party would be across.
Bowie went ahead and paid the ferryman for the rest of his men for when Curtain and the rest caught up.
With the ferrying costs taken care of,he would be able to spend freely to get the most supplies possible.
Ria wagon pulled off the docks and up the bank.
Bowie held up a hand to the driver to stop.
He paused to take a deep breath then gently knocked on the back door of the wagon.
A muffled,Who is it, came from the inside in Ria voice.
Bowie, mlady, he carefully answered back.
The door to the wagon slowly came open to show Wizard Ria, again in a plain brown dress with dirt covered fingers.
Bowie pulled the hat from his head and bowed deeply as if bowing to a queen.
Trying to court me, are you archer.
I stopped being a lady a long time ago, I am a maam now.
Stand up, you look ridiculous.
Bowie stiffened at the thought of him courting her, and she looked him over for a moment with his hat in his hand.
His jaw stiffened at the wizard now trying to rile him up.
Well, at least you are trying to remember your manners.
When this is over I will have to have a chat with your mother about that.
Bowie, still holding his hat said, My mother is past, she died from a fever when I was three.
It is just me and my dad now.
He runs the butcher shop and was not much for teaching me manners.
The wizard eyes narrowed.
Still, one of the town ladies ought to have taught you something.
Very well, what is it you need, Master Crescent.
She said, the last part with a particular disgust on her tongue.
Bowie wondered what it would take to make this woman happy, or at least tolerant of his behavior.
I was just going see how you were doing from the ride, and see if there was anything you might need.
I am about to go into the town for supplies.
Ria backed away from the door, leaving it open, and yelled out from inside, Tell the driver to move to the camp and you come inside.
I want to talk to you, Master Crescent.
Bowie did as he was told and closed the door behind him.
Ria stood in the back of the cart using a water can to water various plants in her cart.
He had not noticed the windows covering in sporadic locations in the roof.
The windows provided enough light to see and to grow plants inside the wooden box of a wagon.
Sit, please, She said without any of the earlier distaste on her lips.
He sat immediately, partly to get off his feet and partly because he did not want to irritate her anymore.
I was wondering if you have a plan for getting enough arrows together for the king, or if we are running away from the army so you do not have to face him.
It does seem a tall order and most youngsters such as yourself seem to run off at a whim, thinking only as far as their arm can reach.
They seldom look ahead to their destination.
Well Maam, I was hoping to gather some supplies for the men in this town before the king army arrives and swallows the supplies for their use.
I thought that as long as we can keep a distance between us and the army, the better chance we would be able to find supplies.
He took a swallow as soon as Ria placed a cup of water in front of him.
He wondered why he was so nervous.
I see.
That might be a good idea, but how do you plan on paying for everything if we are so far ahead that you are not being given money for supplies.
She said as she sat down to eat a fresh plate of berries.
Bowie wondered where she found them so fresh along a river that the townspeople did not pick them every day.
She must have seen him looking at the berries because she held the plate up to him.
I am sorry, I thought you had eaten.
Would you care for some.
She waved her hand near a plant on the wall and the flowers seemed to pop fresh berries out in an instant.
He should have known, she grew them.
Thanks, but no.
I have already eaten my portion, but if you have extra I will pass them on to the men.
About the money problem, I have a few ideas on how to make some money.
Of course it will only work if everyone does their part, Bowie tried to sounds as confident as he could.
Very well.
I shall start making some arrow shafts for your fletchers as soon as we get to camp.
I am very eager to be outside.
Though this carriage is accommodating, I do like being in full view of the sky.
She took a long drink from a teacup she had sitting on a shelf along the wall.
My many thanks for any hard work you will be doing.
I will do my best to see that you will be accommodated in whatever way I can.
Conveniently, the cart came to a stop throwing Bowie off balance.
He took his opportunity and stood bent over in the low ceilinged cart, bowed a short bow and exited the carriage.
Good day, madam.
He put his hat back on his head as he shut the door behind him.
The Black Hat in the driver seat immediately began pulling Ria cart out into the sunshine near the edge of the trees.
as it pulled away, Bowie saw Auburn already stomping towards him.
He had hated the quick trip, unable to stop to rest or sooth saddle sores, but he would do it every day if it meant not having to deal with these two women all the time.
It is about time you got back, I have a bunch of men sitting around doing nothing.
She started ranting before she was even twenty feet away.
I need things for these men to do or they will get ideas in their head and lose focus.
Where are the supplies you said I would get.
She stood tapping her slippered foot, waiting for an answer.
I have Wizard Ria about to start growing your arrow shafts, Auburn.
I will be heading into town to collect some tar and string for the feathers that my men will be gathering for you.
Start your men by preparing those arrow shafts to take a knock.
I will get some materials for the heads and glue to attach the feathers.
About time.
I will get them gathered and ready for Wizard Ria.
I can not wait to get started so we can get out on our way to filling the king order and get back home, She practically spat at the mention of the king.
Auburn, I am sorry to say that even if we fill all the quivers in the king army, you and your men will be going to battle with us in case we need more.
I do appreciate your eagerness to get started.
Now, if you do not need anything else, I will be on my way.
SOAP.
She shouted.
They need lots of soap.
Every one of them smells as if they have rolled in manure.
Get some soap.
She commanded as she turned and stalked away.
Bowie disregarded the request for soap.
He was sure they had some, there just had not been a chance to use it on the road.
He walked through the camp noting that most of the men looked rested and ready for another day journey.
He did see a couple of feet sticking out from underneath tents, they must have been on watch during the night.
Bowie found Tyler overseeing construction of a tent near the center of the camp.
The tent was larger than the rest and on one of the peaks was a green feather with two gold stripes.
As he approached Tyler turned in his direction, Your tent is almost up, Master Crescent.
Bowie now knew how he could tell where everyone one was sleeping the feathers placed on top.
Who thought of the feathers, Tyler.
Well, you did sir.
You told us how to tell each other apart by feather rankings.
We just figured it was the best way to organize the camp.
Tyler replied.
Fine job, Tyler.
Thanks for seeing to the construction of my tent, but I will not be using it right now.
I am headed into town to get some supplies.
If there is anything that we may need let me hear it.
Just the regular provisions sir, food and the equipment we need to fight.
The more you get of that, the better.
The men were excited about having their own bows, and possibly a horse.
Bowie laughed, I am a pretty good negotiator, but I doubt I will be able to get horses.
I will do my best to get all the supplies we need in one town.
I was told that we need soap.
That woman.
She cannot stop complaining for one minute.
I cannot believe she actually requested soap.
Tyler had taken most of the trip driving Auburn cart so Bowie was sure he had received a tongue lashing while on the road.
No sir, we have some, and I will have the men use it just as soon as she learns to say THANK YOU.
Tyler stalked off in the opposite direction of Auburn.
Bowie rubbed his forehead and wondered why he even bothered.
Charger was unsaddled and being brushed down by a man that Bowie could not remember the name of.
He barely knew anyone in his charge and he knew that would be something he would have to change.
He swallowed a lump in his throat.
He did not even know the names of those that would be fighting and dying under him.
Without looking up, he passed a soldier walking into town.
He needed to get as many supplies as he could before sundown.
It was not a long walk into town, he could probably shoot an arrow at his maximum distance twice before hitting the short stone wall surrounding it.
It felt good using his legs after such a long ride.
Bowie knew he had many more days in the saddle and decided to enjoy walking as much as possible.
The town smelled a bit like home, the only difference was a greater smell of pine in the air.
Townsfolk walked around talking and waving at one another, though they only nodded or stared at him as he passed.
No one spoke to the young stranger as he strolled lightly down the town roads.
He made an attempt to say hello to a couple of young girls to ask about supplies, but a large man sharpening a knife stood up from his stool.
He thought it was better to tip his hat and continue on.
He put a few steps between himself and the front stoop of the man home and began to wonder why that had happened, people had always liked Bowie.
He looked down and saw his flashy green jacket and silk shirt underneath.
He knew why now.
To everyone there he was just some kid out in the world for the first time to spend his inheritance.
To them he was just there to buy up their wine, and buy pretty things for any young daughters they might have.
Someone that did not know the worth of money.
If he was to get anywhere in this town he would have to change how they viewed him, and he would have to start by getting rid of his jacket.
Bowie took the jacket from his shoulders and carried it in his hand.
He looked all over the town to find a fletcher but found none.
Instead, he located a trailer, a couple taverns, blacksmith, quartermaster, and a general store.
Bowie decided he better start gathering some general supplies and get more information from the shopkeeper on leads for fletching supplies.
Before entering the shop he noticed a red haired girl walking in the street behind him.
She was a ways back but he recognized her as Auburn.
He cursed under his breath.
She was supposed to stay and organize the fletchers.
He had business to conduct and had no time to deal with her.
He ducked inside the shop and found himself lost in a sea of goods.
Shelves lined the store each in their own section, flour, beans, tools, furs, arrows, knives, and every other supply one would need.
Bowie was so taken in by the large shop at first that he did not notice the two guards at every doorway in the store.
Each was twice his size and carried a cudgel.
These men were fit with skin tight over layers of muscles.
Each looked Bowie over as if they were sizing him up.
None of the men reeked of alcohol, which was the first indication of a poor guard.
These men were well paid and probably good at doing their job.
A man came out of the back room at the sound of Bowie closing the door.
Good day lad, how can I help you.
We have some traveling supplies back in this corner, or some sweets if youd rather.
Bowie took off his hat and held out his hand for a shake to the man he assumed was the owner of the shop.
Good day, I am Sergeant Crescent.
I am the leader of a forward party of our lord, King Atmos.
I am in need of information and some supplies for my brigade.
A bit young to be in charge of men, do not ya think lad.
Bowie had gotten this before, only that he was too young to be a master fletcher, I sometimes can not believe it myself.
Is there a fletcher in this town.
My troop is mostly archers, yet the king has a shortage of bows and arrows.
We need supplies to make arrows and need to outfit men with bows.
Well, there was a fletcher, but I bought all his supplies and he started working for me.
You see, I do not just sell supplies here in town, I sell all the supplies in town.
So if you need bows you will be buying them from me.
They are six silver a piece, and I will give you a good price on some arrows as well.
I do have a small supply of Crescent arrows if you are in the market for the finer items.
I can make Cresent arrows if needed.
Bowie was hoping the shopkeeper would catch his hint but his eyes glazed over it.
Do not you think that six silver is a bit steep for a bow.
I bought a horse at the last town for that much.
The man laughed and slapped his belly, Lad, it would be steep if it was that town.
You see, this is my town and I control the prices.
Besides, that is the sale price, and you are going to give me that fine hat of yours as trade to keep it the sale price.
Two of the guardsman chuckled behind Bowie.
He had to admit that he was not as good of a businessman as this fellow, but he still needed supplies.
With the prices at this shop, his coin would not last a day.
Bowie carefully placed his hat back on his head.
Bowie smiled, I think I will be keeping the hat.
You know my name and I will guarantee that I can make you more Crescent arrows in exchange for a better sale price.
I am sure we could work out a deal here.
I will be needing a large amount of supplies if you are looking to unload quite a bit of your shelves and fill your pockets.
He would have to make the arrows to exchange himself, but it would hopefully give him an advantage to getting the supplies needed.
The man chuckled still looking at Bowie hat, My boy, I am surprised you have never heard of me.
My name is Ramos.
I have spent a great deal of time building up my reputation and my business.
I set the prices, I control the inventory, and I keep the town running.
If you want to get supplies you will pay what I ask and not a copper less.
I promise you that you will not find the supplies you will be needing for leagues, because I already bought out the next town over.
You see, I also own the next two towns in any direction this side of the river.
The big man reached up to rub his chin and smiled, Let me try on the hat and see if it is my size.
Good day, sir.
Bowie said and walked out the door.
He hoped the man would stop him from leaving, but Ramos held his ground and did not offer any additional sales.
Outside, Bowie saw Auburn standing by a window looking in.
She walked slowly past Bowie and into the shop he had just left.
She had a mischievous look in her eye and gave Bowie a smirk before she disappeared through the door.
He had come up empty handed in his scheme to get the supplies he needed.
He was thinking on an empty stomach and was tired of meals on the road.
Bowie knew the local inn would have a decent meal cooking.
He straightened his hat and started looking for the closest one.
Auburn strolled through the door as the two thugs stared at her.
She was not sure if they were trying to make sure she did not swipe something or if they wanted to court her.
She did her best to ignore their eyes as she lightly ran her fingers over some of the cooking utensils.
A man with a thick beard and large belly came out from around a shelf carrying a piece of parchment and charcoal.
She knew he must be taking inventory, her father use to do the same thing.
Hello, young lady.
Are you in the market for a new cook pot.
He said looking at her strangely.
Not for my self, no.
The man in the hat is in charge of all the money.
I was just trying to make sure he bought the right items.
What is it he purchased.
She asked in the sweetest voice she could muster.
The large man chuckled, The young lordling did not purchase anything.
I tried to offer him the sale price for his hat but he refused to take it.
He would not know a good bow if it was used to shoot him.
He smiled a big smile while still eyeing her strangely.
Do I know you.
I do not think so, my father lives in Cambridge.
He the fletcher there.
I have lived my life there, but the king enlisted me to supply his army with arrows.
I am now under the command of Master Crescent, the lordling, as you call him.
He is in charge of the king archers.
Which is strange that he did not buy anything.
He bought as much as he could in my town.
The man chuckled again, this time so hard his belly shook.
I am sorry, I was trying to figure out who your parents were.
Now I see it.
Your father refused to sell me his wares years ago.
It makes no difference.
The lordling did not buy anything, but if he really is the master fletcher, why would he.
I offered him the bows for six silver a piece.
If he was Master Crescent he could just make his own.
Master Crescent does not make bows.
He makes arrows and strings.
It is a shame you did not sell him anything, after all the king is off to war.
What does the king going to war have to do with me.
She smiled, Well, I did not see it at first but the lordling saved my town by buying everything he could.
He arrived a few days before the king army and bought supplies for his troop.
He scooped up every item his men could use, from bows and armor to cook pots and spices.
He left town just as the king arrived.
As soon as the king arrived he demanded everything left in in the name of the commonwealth.
He took every able bodied man and every bit of supplies he needed for his army.
He said it was to protect the country from the Fire Realm.
How did that save your village.
Everyone was paid a fair price for their items instead of it being taken from them.
The king did not have any idea that they had just sold their items off.
The army still got what they needed, but so did the village.
At least they will be able to buy food in the winter instead of being left with no supplies or money.
After all, when the king was finished, he started gathering all the people that had skills to help with the army.
My father is not in good health so I offered to come in his place.
Most of the people in town were able to buy their way out of the king service by offering him gold instead.
I was the only one that had to leave the town.
We were low on supplies from Springfest.
Master Crescent did not purchase much from us because his arrows are of much better quality, so I had to come to help.
So you see, Master Crescent saved my town.
The large man considered her words and scratched his hairy chin, I see.
Well, I have heard great things about your store here.
I just wanted to see if for myself.
Thank you so much for keeping me company.
You have some fine wares here.
She curtsied and gave a wave of fingers to the burly guards.
She ran her fingers over a purple dress by the front window as she walked out the door.
Before the door closed she looked over her shoulder watching the big man still scratching his beard where she had left him.
She wondered where Bowie had gone.
She was glad to see he did not give away all the troop pay for his own whims.
She stopped a pair of kids playing with sticks, Have you seen a lord in a fancy coat and a black hat.
They both pointed across the road to an inn.
She thanked them and went into the front room of the inn.
He was there sitting at a table, hat sitting on the back of the chair as he ate a plate of food.
May I sit.
Are you going to yell at me.
She smiled, No.
Bowie did not look up from his plate to see it so she sat down.
You look troubled.
Bowie plate was half gone and he did not seem to care to eat the rest of it.
I thought if I got far enough away from the king I might be able to make this rabble into something.
I thought that I could give them a fighting chance.
I can not afford to eat the food on this plate, let alone get supplies for my troop for the rest of the night.
He dropped the spoon onto the plate and a bit of gravy splashed off.
It is not your fault, at least you use that thing between your ears for something besides trying to find the next fight and ale.
You should be proud of that.
Besides, you never know what will happen that might change our luck for the better.
Or for the worse.
She now saw him looking directly back into her eyes.
They did not say anything to each other as she was brought a plate of roast.
He ate in silence as she complained about the speed at which they had traveled and how uncomfortable it had been.
She complained that the fletchers on the ride had no talent in making arrows, bows, or strings.
She wondered how much Bowie actually heard of her ramblings as he pushed around the meat and potatoes on his plate.
Finally he spoke, I must be going.
I have a troop arriving that will need direction.
Thanks for sitting with me.
He wiped his face with a napkin and snatched up his hat while she was still mid sentence of her ramblings.
She wondered how many different places his mind had wandered in the few moments they shared.
She had been sure he was out to get glory and honor.
After all, that is what all young lordlings seemed to be after.
Then he gathered the troop money and yet he surprised her by not spending it until he could get what he needed for a good price.
Now she knew he was truly worried about his troops.
She smiled to herself, she would have to be nicer to him.
Bowie turned his problem over and over in his mind.
He knew he would not be able to make it to the next town without the supplies he needed.
Bowie tried to think about what his father would do.
His dad always said Problems are like cows.
You can not cut the whole cow at once.
You have to cut away one piece at a time.
So that is what he started to do.
His first problem was he needed to feed his men.
He tried to figure out the best way to get them something to eat.
By the time he arrived back at the now forming camp, he had a plan.
Tyler, gather everyone in.
I need to talk to them.
Bowie found a cart and got up on top.
He matched Tyler callings and tried to gather everyone to him.
Everyone stopped putting up tents and forming fire pits and moved to him with tools still in hand.
Even Ria came out of her wagon and came to see what all the commotion was about.
Everyone, give me a second to speak.
unfortunately there is one person in town that is making sure all supplies are saved for the king himself.
He seeks to make a big profit off of his supplies and wanted to sell me a bow for six silver.
The mention of the price caused most of the men to start cursing and talking amongst themselves.
I was unable to even get supplies to help feed you.
I chose not to spend all our money to get us through the night.
Which means we are going to have to fend for ourselves out here.
Is there anyone with tracking experience.
A few raised their hands.
Move over there and start a rank please.
The men moved over and stood side by side.
Tyler, I want you to find the best archers we have and split them evenly between the trackers, at least two archers each.
I want one of the fletchers in each of the groups.
Give each one a direction and send them out to get us some meat.
Trackers, if you find berries or any other wild plant that we can eat, have the fletchers pick them and send them back to camp.
The rest of you get started helping each other set up tents.
I want sleeping arrangements made for the next bunch off the ferry.
Everyone do your best, the others should arrive by morning.
Bowie jumped down and the men doubled their efforts as they went about their assigned tasks.
Tyler moved through the camp as trackers lead their group into the trees.
Ria approached Bowie with a smile.
What can I do to help, Sargeant.
Bowie had completely forgotten about her, not that he would have asked her to help at all.
He was perfectly fine with her doing whatever it was that she did in her cart.
No maam, I would not ask you to burden yourself.
I will see if we can get some food to you as soon as our men return with the hunt.
Master Crescent, I am part of this troop now and I can do my share.
What is it you prefer, fruit or flour.
He took a second to think of her question.
Whichever takes less effort to feed the amount of people we have.
Ria moved to an empty space in the camp where a fire circle was being put together.
She searched around in a pouch on her waist and examined a few small seeds.
After finding the one she was searching for she pushed the seed into the moist soil and uncorked her water skin.
As she began pouring the water, a small plant stretched out of the finger sized hole.
It grew to shoulder height before it stopped.
Wake me when the food arrives, I will be resting in my wagon.
See that I am not disturbed until then.
Wait.
What type of plant is this.
Bowie asked.
She smiled at him with a motherly smile, Apple.
Bowie started to cheer up a bit.
Soon he would have meat and apples for his troops.
Things were starting to look up.
Chapter Stockboy Chit was beginning to think that being sliced up was better being hit with training swords.
He was beaten and left bruised by the splintering wood.
When he was training with Captain Lorusk he was cut and healed each time.
The end of the day had come and he could barely move.
Now he had to stand or sit outside the king tent and be put on display for any who wished to challenge Atmos.
He had to admit, this was the first time in his life that being so large was an annoyance.
He was always being put on display for nobles and mayors as they traveled.
The camp they were in had not moved for three days.
The king tent stayed in place as troops passed each day.
The King and his retinue would be traveling to the front as soon as they met the end of the long line of troops.
The troops would move off to the side as they made their way down the worn path.
It would be another day before they began to make their way to the front of the army again.
At least he would not have to walk the whole way.
Traveling with a king had its perks a new horse and food three times a day as they traveled up the line.
Captain Lorusk approached the king tent followed by a few nobles.
Chit slowly stood for his superior officer.
Lorusk waved him to follow into the tent.
Chit put his sword back into the sheath on his back as the nobles and captain disappeared inside.
When he stepped inside there was the usual bunch of wizards and nobles sitting around the king, looking over maps and scrolls with supplies and troop counts.
My lord, I present Sir Fulstom, said Captain Lorusk.
Chit had sat on in enough of the king meetings to know this particular noble.
He was a bit of a leader amongst the nobles.
King Atmos had made special arrangements on occasions to keep Fulstom happy.
Chit could see why he was getting special favor, he had promised to bring ten thousand of his own men to the battlefield.
Chit still despised the man for the way he had help Kilen graduate his training and keep his sword.
Thank you, captain.
Lord Fulstom, welcome.
Are your troops joining the march.
I see, right down to business then, the puffed up nobleman said as he pulled up a chair next to the table.
Yes, my troops have joined the march.
Ten thousand, as I promised.
Where is the weapon bearer.
I was hoping he would accompany my men.
Allen Fulstom was one of the wealthiest and most powerful nobles of the Earth Realm.
His grandfather, father and uncle were all wielders for previous kings.
He inherited these pieces of armor but built his wealth off of the land he controlled.
He had many orchards and farms that surrounded Deuterium and supplied most of the food for the city.
Allen, the newly raised weapon bearer is on a mission of the utmost importance.
I am hopeful he will be returning with the Elder Wizards to assist in the battle.
He will not be able to lead your men into battle or on the march.
I offer my Champion to lead your men if you would like.
Lord Fulstom looked Chit up and down and let his gaze return to the king.
The name is Lord Fulstom and that will not be necessary.
I am sure he is needed with your men.
How else can I help the cause, my lord.
Your presence here alone will ensure more nobles will support the army.
Make yourself at home while in the camp.
I was refering to help you need in planning the defense of this kingdom.
If you think I will blindly commit my men, you are mistaken.
I will be included in all discussions from this point on or I will take my men and leave.
Allen reached out and took a blackberry off the king plate and threw it in his mouth.
The king jaw became tight but he said nothing as he stared at the confident noble.
Finally, the king tried to choose the most diplomatic answer for the man.
I am sure the wizard council can fill you in on all of the reports and plans that we have so far.
The noble nodded and narrowed his eyes to the king.
Chit assumed the noble knew it was probably the best he could get from Atmos.
The man stood to join the wizards at a map table in the back.
The king spoke to Lorusk next, Any word from the archer.
My lord, scouts report that he has some men already crossing the river by ferry.
Some follow a little slower but the main portion of his forces are across.
He passed our scouts a day and a half ago.
Corporal Curtain brings up the rear of his troops.
They are supposed to amass on the far side of the river for supplies.
Good, see that the scouts keep in touch with the archers.
I do not want them getting too ambitious and arriving a month before us.
Captain, I also want current numbers on all supplies.
Lorusk put his fist to his chest and Chit and Lorusk departed.
Chit was growing tired of being sent to do a store keeper job.
It seemed like every day he became more and more like the stock boy his father had turned him into.
The hunt went better than Bowie expected two of the four hunting parties had turned up with deer.
Bowie had taken off his jacket and hat to help put up tents for more of his men arrival.
He gave them an opportunity to get some rest as soon as they came into the camp.
The newly arrived men were enjoying some of the freshly prepared deer stew.
Andrew reported that Corporal Curtain would be over on the next ferry with the last of his troops.
They had only taken roughly a day longer than Bowie to arrive.
He was surprised at the speed his troops had made the journey.
He imagined John following his men with a whip and cracking it over their heads to drive them forward.
Ria had eaten and was attempting her second growth on the apple tree, now sprouting apples.
Ria walked away carrying a small sack full for herself and an escort held her other arm to steady her.
Bowie was starting to enjoy having the wizard along.
Retrieving his jacket and hat from where he had put it, he finally sat down to eat some of the stew himself.
He was not sure if his appetite had returned from the good news of the hunt or from the hard work hed put in pitching tents.
He dished a bowl and sat down on a stump.
Tyler did not wait long before he brought up another problem.
Sargeant, can I introduce Scout Benson.
Bowie finished chewing the spoon full of tough deer meat and stood to shake the scout is hand.
Pleasure.
You have word from the king.
Actually, no.
I tried to acquire a room in town but it was a bit more costly than I thought it would be.
Since your camp is on my way, I was wondering if I could borrow one of these tents to rest in.
Yes, of course.
We do not have a lot to offer for food.
Wizard Ria is trying to grow out this apple tree a little to help.
I have a few men out looking for food but you can have any extra.
If you need anything else please let me know.
The scout held out his hand to thank Bowie.
I have heard of you and your troops.
The truth is there will be a lot of scouts coming back and forth on this road.
If you continue to have a place for them to sleep and possibly eat, I am sure we could trade valuable information with you.
Bowie perked up a bit at the word valuable.
What kind of information can you provide us.
Camping locations, animal trails, road conditions, and more when you get closer to the enemy.
Like locations of scouts to avoid any deaths to your men.
Well, I would say that is valuable information.
How will I know which men are real scouts to the king and not just someone wanting to camp with the army for the night.
Bowie sat down and started eating again.
Tyler handed the scout a bowl of soup and the tired man sat down next to Bowie.
Each scout is a wielder.
I would ask to see their imbuement.
Other than that, we do not carry anything that would distinguish us from any other man.
Which imbuement do you carry, Scout Benson.
The scout reached into his shirt and pulled out a necklace with a pendant made to look like the earth symbol.
Earth, of course is there any other.
Good.
Perhaps you could earn the food that you eat by aiding that apple tree growth.
It would certainly help out my troops, as we will be here for the next few days.
The scout took some quick bites that said he had not eaten a warm meal in a couple days.
He said nothing but nodded his head in agreement.
Bowie and the scout continued to eat until they were full.
A hunting party returned with two turkeys.
They began plucking the feathers and handing them to Auburn.
They would make decent arrows.
The scout found a tent and before he finished getting ready to head in for the evening, he placed his hand on the apple tree.
The leaves shook and the tree grew about a foot in every direction.
No apples grew, but it was certainly larger than before.
Bowie examined the tree as the scout made his way to the tent.
The trunk was getting thick and the branches were starting to lift off the ground.
It was hard to believe it had been grown in less than a day.
He really wished he knew what his wind magic was capable of.
He turned the bracer over where the magic imbuement lay hidden against his skin.
Go ahead, give it a little kiss.
Auburn was always like a shadow creeping up on him in her soft soled shoes.
Bowie took off his hat as he turned to face her.
He wondered what she could want now.
The big boy from the store in town wants a word with you.
Mr.
Ramos is just outside the town gates waiting, she said.
Probably wants another try at my hat.
Just tell him that I no longer need the supplies, I will get along without them.
He tried to make his way to the larger tent the troops had set up for him.
The tent was large enough that they were able to squeeze in a desk.
He had no idea where they had acquired it, let alone transported it with their limited space.
He sat down at the desk and began going over the money amounts listed and the amount of supplies they would need to fill all the quivers in the army.
He had been told that the size of the army would continue to grow.
The best estimate on final troop numbers for battle was going to be around one hundred thousand men.
He would probably need to have two dozen arrows per quiver for the archers.
The number of arrows needed was very surprising since the king army had just over ten thousand archers.
He would need to make around two hundred fifty thousand arrows to fulfill the king demands.
Auburn came into his tent without being welcomed or even asking to enter, saying, I think you had better meet the man.
While we were in town he had a change of heart I think.
Bowie looked at Auburn with disbelief.
It would take more than a miracle to change the heart of a businessman like him.
The Dark Army would have had to have risen and been making his supplies for him to change his prices.
Auburn turned a shade of red to match her hair.
Perhaps you better run and tell the king the man has the dark army working for him then.
You have to go and talk to him again.
What will it hurt.
You might just get some of those supplies you need.
Will you quit following me when I go into town.
he asked her.
I doubt you will want me to quit following you, but if that is what you request.
Bowie sighed and put his hat back on.
Auburn practically jumped up and down.
He felt like he had been manipulated by the woman.
When he came out of his tent he came face to face with John.
Just arrive.
Bowie asked.
Yes, all of the troops are across the river.
What do you want me to do now.
Get some rest, John.
You did well, however I was less than successful.
There should be some stew and some apples for any that are hungry.
I just saw some turkeys brought in if you can wait.
Otherwise, find a tent and get the men some rest, we will be here for a few days.
Bowie tried to leave but John caught him by the shoulder and asked,We got some sleep before the ferry came across.
Where are you off to.
Perhaps I can accompany you.
I am on my way to visit with a local price gouging merchant named Ramos.
He has tripled the price on everything in town.
I was unable to get supplies because he is wanting to wait until the king arrives to sell to him.
I am sure the king will buy all of them without even looking at the quality, John replied.
War is good for the economy.
Auburn cleared her throat.
I may have lead him to believe different.
John and Bowie looked at her strangely.
Well, he said he had offered to sell the bows at six silver a piece.
So I told him that the king had just taken everything he wanted from my town.
He probably trying to sell off everything in his store to avoid the king taking it and getting nothing in return.
Bowie looked at her, confused, asking, What else did you tell him.
I may have told him that the king also took anyone along that had a skill unless they were able to pay to get out of coming along.
I told him that I was the only one in my town unable to pay, so I was forced to come along and work for you.
I told him you had purchased all the town goods before the king arrived in order to save the townspeople from being forced to join the army.
Bowie cleared his throat.
So he thinks if I buy all the supplies, he may have enough to save all of his workers from going to battle.
Auburn nodded and Bowie smiled a wicked smile in response as he said, I wish I had thought of it myself.
Next time you come up with an idea like that you had better clear it with me first.
What, no thank you.
No, and you are still not allowed to follow me.
John interrupted, The man will probably start hunting Bowie down the minute the king enters town and he finds out the truth.
Bowie adjusted his hat.
That is the truth.
Although, I do not have much of a choice if we are to make two hundred fifty thousand arrows before the battle starts.
They followed Bowie as he started down the worn dirt path that led into town from the camp.
Do we really need that many arrows.
John asked, seemingly confused by the number.
Bowie replied, I think that we will by the time we fill each quiver of ten thousand men.
We will also have to make strings and possibly some bows as well.
I have only a little experience producing bows.
I am sure the quality of my bow is not going to be good enough.
I have made a few.
I can be of help.
However, making the bows will not be easy while on the move, Auburn said, trying to keep pace with the two men.
Bowie looked back at the girl, who was trying to keep her dress out of the dirt.
I will settle for just the arrows at the moment, but thank you.
The outskirts of town came into view.
Bowie could see a lot of commotion outside the gates.
Carts had been aligned,each covered with canvas tarps.
The large businessman was barking orders at all of the workers.
Bowie could make out the two large men watching each person to guarantee that nothing was removed from the carts loaded with merchandise.
You wished to see me, sir.
Bowie asked.
Indeed I did.
I must apologize for earlier.
I mistook you for a lordling and thought I could make some money for the townspeople here.
The man had sweat on his forehead and was wringing his hands while he talked.
Bowie knew he was desperate to make a sale now.
Bowie smiled and said,I will not say it has not happened before.
I am just a businessman like yourself, so I must tell you I will not be needing some of the items in your shop.
I would prefer to buy from the individual shop owners.
Well, I buy from them and resell it to make sure they have a constant money flow.
The individual workers do not have anything to sell.
If you want to buy to support them, you will have to buy the items from me.
What guarantee can you make me that they will receive the money they need to avoid being enlisted into the army.
The man let out a small chuckle.
If they all are enlisted, it would ruin my business because I would have no one to stock my shelves.
Bowie nodded in acceptance.
How much are the bows now.
Let is just say the bows are a gift.
Shall we discuss the prices of other items.
He replied without missing a beat, Let is just discuss what I need.
The man nodded his head.
Bowie proceeded, I need glue, string, tar, candles, paper, boots, clothes, knives, and food provisions.
I already had the things you would need separated.
Ramos turned to Auburn and said, I placed the purple dress you were looking at in with the other clothes.
Consider it a thank you gift for making me aware of what is coming.
Auburn curtsied, and the man smiled in return.
Bowie cleared his throat.
Well, I will not be needing this much.
I do not have the room to carry this many supplies.
Unless you have some horses and carts to sell as well.
We might have a few for sale.
Perhaps we could work something out.
Bowie smiled and said, I hope so, for the sake of this town.
The business man nodded and seemed to understand this was not an actual hope, but instead was a threat.
I will see what I can do.
Sergeant Crescent, is it.
Yes, it is.
I will take these three carts with the horses and be back in the morning for the rest of the supplies, Bowie said while climbing into a cart is seat.
We have not discussed price yet, Sergeant.
Bowie flipped the merchant ten gold pieces.
You had better make due with what you get, sir.
Bowie tipped his hat and motioned Auburn and John to take the other two carts.
As he pulled away he felt as though his heart was going to jump out of his chest.
This was the easiest negotiation he had ever experienced.
He wondered if he would be killed in the night when the merchant realized hed been had.
He at least needed to do his best at accommodating the scouts to keep them from tipping off the merchant.
Bowie stopped to look back at Ramos.
He instantly felt regret for the way he had talked to the man.
His father had always taught him to treat other men with respect, especially if you were doing business.
When the small caravan returned back to the camp Bowie waved over Tyler, who was surprised to find carts full of supplies.
Take this cart and inventory it as well as the two that are on their way.
There should be some paper in one that you can use to take inventory.
As soon as that is done, Auburn will get her fletchers together and start constructing as many arrows as she can before we get on the road.
He nodded as Auburn and John approached.
John, will you and Auburn come to my tent please.
They both nodded as they followed him in his hurried pace.
Once inside Bowie offered his chair to John, and Auburn made herself at home sitting on the pallet that made up his bed.
Bowie paced in the small tent nervously.
John you have been a great help in the past.
I have great need of you now.
I need you to organize the hunting parties, meals, the night guards, and one other thing required for an army.
I will require two of our archers each day to come to me for lessons in making arrows.
Tomorrow I will only need one, as I will be instructing Auburn.
I will do what I can, Sergeant.
John stood to go but Bowie held up his hand and gestured to have him sit back down.
I need you to run this army so I can be as efficient as I can with the king orders.
He nodded in response.
Auburn, I will need your fletchers working together to make the best arrows they can.
Once I give you some instructions perhaps, you can improve the quality of the ones you make.
I want to have at least one thousand arrows for the king before we leave this camp.
We need to be out of here in two days before the rest of the army starts showing up.
I will see that supplies are being maintained.
I want to have any parts of the arrow that cannot be made on the road done and put into carts.
I want the arrow assembly to continue while we are traveling.
Fletchers will get the carts and our soldiers will carry as many arrow supplies as they can, along with the horses.
I only want to stop when we run out of supplies and need to drop more off for the king.
I do not think the soldiers will be doing much except for being pack mules for my fletchers.
If that happens, there will be some trouble on the road.
You may not mind working for a woman but some of your men might, she said.
Bowie said, John and I will deal with the men.
I hope to put every man on horseback or in a cart by the time we reach the battlefield.
If not, I want each man rotating between walking and riding.
How will we get the arrow shafts.
It takes time to find those and if we are traveling, we may be passing valuable areas to find them.
Bowie almost snapped at Auburn, I told you, I would deal with the supplies.
You focus on keeping your men making arrows.
Auburn looked down, obviously hurt by his small outburst.
He normally did not snap at anyone, and felt strange that he had done it.
It was too late to take the words back so he continued on.
Each day I will teach two archers to make Crescent arrows.
These arrows and any Auburn makes will be given only to a Black Hat.
I do not want any Crescent arrows being given to the king until all of our quivers are full.
They both nodded their heads at this.
Auburn, go ahead and get your fletchers and get those carts divided up and start any construction you can before the light fails.
I will have some arrow shafts made for morning.
John, get the rest of the supplies organized and have them packed for the next few days.
If any of the troops need boots or clothes, divide them as you see fit.
Get men ready to hunt tomorrow and make sure no one stays up too late.
Including yourself, John.
You have pushed yourself hard the last couple of days.
Make sure you get some rest.
He felt strange ordering the others around.
He had always done the jobs himself and often took orders from his father.
Telling others what to do felt out of his character.
They left in as hurried a pace as they had come, each with their own job.
Bowie made his way to Ria wagon.
When he arrived he noticed a small light in the window.
She was awake.
He was glad he did not need to disrupt her sleep.
He knocked gently on the door and removed his hat.
Wizard Ria, it is me, Bowie.
She opened the door looking considerably more rested than she had earlier.
The small wagon was filled with small plants, each of which was now full with berries.
She motioned him inside and he followed, trying to squeeze past all of the branches without disturbing any.
Master Crescent, How is the apple tree working out.
She moved about her wagon collecting berries in a small bowl.
The tree is wonderful.
I had a scout grow it out a little to help it produce more fruit without you having to work so hard, Bowie said, placing his hat in his lap as Ria held out the bowl of fruit to him.
He took a couple and chewed some of the most exquisite fruit he had ever tasted.
I have to say that this tastes better.
Well, thank you.
It takes a lot of growing to get the flavor just right.
How can I help you this evening.
Wizard Ria, I have been able to acquire a good amount of supplies.
We are going to start making arrows in the morning.
I know you said you could help us with the arrow shafts.
Will you be able to make some for the fletchers by morning.
She made a small smile as she poured herself a cup of tea.
She did not answer as she poured him one as well.
They took a couple sips of tea and Bowie watched as a vine from one of the plants seemed to move of its own accord, away from a shelf.
Ria reached up and retrieved a small pouch from the cubby that was revealed.
I can make some now, if you would assist me and make me a promise, she said.
What is it I will be promising.
You will be promising not to reveal a wizard secret.
If it will help you in assisting me and my men to survive, I will carry it to my deathbed, Bowie said.
She laughed at his comment.
In this pouch, I have accumulated a number of imbuements.
I made them all.
I do not like the kind of person the magic makes me into so I only keep enough to perform small tasks.
In the last few days I have carried one imbuement with me to help restore my strength.
If you will follow me out and do as I say, I think I can give you what you need.
Bowie left the wagon and offered a hand to the wizard to help her out.
She accepted and Bowie put his hat back on as he walked beside her.
When we are away from the others, I will throw some seeds out and have them to grow into the arrow shafts you need.
I do not want others to know that I possess this type of power in my wagon.
I agree.
There is always one or another that is jealous of those in power.
She reached out to put a hand on his arm and he held it to let her steady herself.
He was taking a liking to the woman as a nephew would an aunt.
She had a friendly smile.
When we get there, I will need you to pour a couple imbuements at a time into my hand until I become strong enough to grow what you need.
Then I will let you take one to assist getting me back to the wagon.
Make sure I keep them in my hand when I fall asleep, Master Crescent.
I will do my best.
She stopped to look at him still holding out his arm.
I trust you.
Please, do not let me down.
He nodded and looked back into eyes that showed a majestic wisdom.
Soon, the two were far enough away that they could hear no voices from the camp.
She reached into a pocket and pulled out a handful of seeds.
She started picking out individual seeds and tossing them into the surrounding grass.
The process took a while and Bowie patiently waited for her to finish.
When she did, she wiped her hands clean and handed Bowie the pouch with imbuements.
He pulled the knot out of the string that closed it and looked inside.
He saw a bag full of metal beads much like the one he wore underneath his arm guard.
Only these displayed a small tree symbol.
She had accumulated close to twenty.
He could build a city beyond his wildest imagination with what the bag contained.
He tried to wipe the astonishment from his face and carefully poured one or two at a time into her frail looking hand.
When it contained eight beads she told him to stop.
Now tell me, what does the perfect arrow shaft look like.
she said as she closed her eyes and listened attentively.
The perfect arrow shaft would be a bit longer than a tall man arm length.
It would contain no knots or places where branches grew.
It would be straight and slightly flexible.
She lowered her head and Bowie watched as small plants grew out of the ground wherever she had thrown a seed.
Each one grew to the size of a small bush with no leaves.
A small pod opened at the end of each branch dropping new seeds to the ground.
Where each new seed landed another plant grew.
The plants soon surrounded him and the wizard, leaving only a small path to walk out of.
Hundreds upon hundreds of shafts grew before Bowie eyes.
Each one was as perfect as the one before it.
He knew it would take days, maybe even weeks, to find a handful of shafts of this quality and he had hundreds.
The aging wizard lifted her head and faced Bowie.
It will be easier tomorrow.
Please help me to my wagon.
Bowie lifted the light wizard off the ground.
He was almost sure he could have done it without the earth imbuement.
He walked through the camp, carrying the wizard.
Some of his troops stopped to watch and a couple offered to help, everyone seemed concerned.
One recruit even stopped to open the door to her wagon.
He started to climb the stairs and she whispered, Your hat, Sergeant.
Bowie backed down the stairs and looked at the recruit.
Take off my hat.
The recruit stayed outside the wagon as Bowie laid Ria in bed and covered her with the blanket.
I will put someone outside your wagon to watch over you though the night, he said as he moved to place the pouch containing the rest of the imbuements into the cubby that was now covered with vines.
Keep it for now.
I am trusting you, Bowie.
She rolled over and started to breath heavily.
Bowie knew she was asleep.
A wool scarf hung over the side rail of the bed.
He pulled it free and gently tied Ria hand closed over the imbuements which kept her alive.
She did not stir other than the breathing of deep sleep.
Bowie slipped out of the wagon and closed the door.
He listened to John barking orders to the troop and followed the sound of his voice.
He walked through the ever growing sea of tents to seek out two men to stand guard over the resting wizard.
Chapter Ageing The wizards healed Kilen and helped him to his feet.
They lead him through a tunnel in the rock wall he had tried to climb.
He followed the gray haired wizards out of the tunnel and into a small village.
The village looked like any other.
Small houses lined dirt paths, smoke came from chimneys, and chickens wandered the yards.
The air even smelled like it had at home with a conglomeration of scents like fresh baked bread, pies, and sweet rolls.
One of the wizards wearing a green robe stopped to speak to Kilen, Welcome to Idleton.
It is the town of the Elder Wizards.
You are welcome to explore the town and get to know our wizards and weapon bearers The other wizards had already walked down the path and gone their separate ways.
The wizard in the green robe started to walk away also, leaving Kilen to stand at the edge of the town.
Wait.
I am supposed to negotiate your coming to battle for the Earth King.
Kilen said to the line of wizards.
Most walked on and paid no attention to Kilen request.
The wizard in green turned and gave a half smile Oh, the Elder Wizard Council is already in discussion.
We knew why you were coming just after you left Deuterium.
They will come to a decision and you will be let known the results.
Until then, enjoy your stay.
Perhaps you can go to our sword ring and work on your skills with the blade.
I have heard you lack the finesse of a true weapon bearer.
How did you know why I was coming.
The old wizard laughed at his questions before walking away down the path.
Wizard secrets are ours to keep and to give as we see fit.
Expect to not get the answer of every question you seek.
Good day, Kilen.
They left him standing on the dirt path surrounded by stone walls and small houses.
He knew no one, but it seemed everyone knew him.
He walked down the street that seemed to lead towards the center of town.
A large column of smoke rose from a building and Kilen approached it to find a blacksmith shop.
This shop was being worked by four wizards.
All the men were dressed in traditional blacksmith clothes.
One of the wizards provided a stream of fire from his hand and another added to it with wind.
The earth wizard handled the hammer and steel as they made an object Kilen did not recognize.
The object was a ring of metal.
Too large for a bracelet and too small for a wheel, it was not even large enough to hold a barrel.
The object hissed as the water wizard cooled the ring back to a black metal.
The water wizard waved Kilen into the room saying,Take off the armor and we will get it fixed up.
You should not be representing your wizard in those.
Even if Alexander is impulsive, disrespectful, and arrogant you should not be seen like this.
Kilen removed his armor and placed it near the furnace.
He was impressed with how much each of the wizards knew about him.
They knew more about his wizard than he did.
They continued to work on the circle slowly and with a delicate hand.
He watched for a while still not sure what it was they were making.
He gave up trying to guess at what it was and made his way further into town.
In this town there were no bakeries, tailors, butchers, or even an inn.
The town was just filled with houses and the comings and goings of their residents.
Wizards came and went about their day as if Kilen had lived there his whole life.
They passed him and offered him friendly greetings.
He offered a friendly response back until he passed an open dirt area with middle aged men sitting around, laughing and telling war stories.
He stopped to listen to the men when one approached him.
Kilen, is it.
You do not look like a powerful weapon bearer.
Some of the men laughed, Kilen tried his best to ignore them.
I never said I was powerful.
Whom ever you heard it from must have had their story wrong, Kilen responded.
I am Ray, this is where all the weapon bearer come to chat and train.
The wizards all live a life of solidarity here.
We are bound by oath to follow our wizards and protect them until we die.
Most of us thought that would be a short life of adventure, but we wound up here.
Forever forced to relive the glory days of battle by sitting around a sword ring.
It is nice to meet you, Ray.
I was told to find this place.
They told me I may be able to practice the sword while I wait for the Elder Wizard Council to decide if they will be going to battle.
Perhaps if they go to battle you will get to relive the glory days for real.
The men all laughed at Kilen response.
Boy, you will probably have a beard as long as Chasten there, before they decide whether or not they are going, one of the men said.
Another called out, You will probably be a blademaster as well.
They all laughed and waved Kilen to join them.
Ray walked around the short wall with him, There are some things about being a weapon bearer that your wizard was supposed to teach you.
It is up to him to teach you to be a true weapon bearer and it is up to previous weapon bearers to teach you the blade.
I heard you were trained by a Kapal.
I was being trained by a Kapal, his name is Gortus.
That brought all of them to stop laughing and, he hoped, brought him a bit of respect.
Being trained by the Kapal king son is a great honor.
I heard he was destined to bring peace to his race.
It was prophesied at his birth.
Ray patted Kilen on the back and leaned against the wall.
The man that was pointed out to be Chasten smiled a big smile, Enough talk, lets see what the kid can do.
The men all roared in agreement and one tossed Kilen a wooden practice blade.
Chasten and Kilen moved to the center of the grounds and Chasten began his assault.
Chasten moved just as fast and graceful as Gortus but with different attacks.
Kilen defended as well as he could.
He took a couple strikes to the arms but they were glancing blows.
Before long the grizzled weapon bearer was winded and the bout finished.
The men clapped and patted Chasten on the back.
Ray approached Kilen as the others chatted with Chasten.
He the most out of shape, Ray said.
You did well, but it was as if you were afraid to attack him.
On the next opponent do not be afraid to show him how good you are.
Ray patted him on the shoulder.
Kilen thought if he was the most out of shape weapon bearer here, he was in for some exhausting training.
The next time they stopped to rest, Kilen realized he had forgotten why he was there in the first place.
Most of the time he was being attacked by wooden practice swords.
The sun was now setting and he had used every part of the day practicing the blade with the other men.
Ray motioned to follow him to a small stone house that Kilen assumed was his.
The house was meagerly furnished with only a table, small hearth, and a couple of beds.
Wooden chairs sat on either side of the table and Ray sat down in one.
He started pulling off his boots and pulling his shirt out from his pants.
You did well today, Ray said.
I had expected far less from your abilities with the sword.
When the wizards all say you lack skills, it makes one wonder.
Gortus has trained you well in the short time he had you.
I learned a great deal from him.
More than in just the sword I think.
Although he did not teach me how to attack, Kilen said as Ray started to scrub his face in the wash stand.
Yes, I heard all about your first days of training.
He stopped washing himself long enough to look at Kilen.
What kind of training is dragging yourself on the ground.
Kilen cleared his throat, I think it was supposed to help me endure pain.
Teach me just how far I can push myself.
Ray let out a chuckle and removed his stockings to begin washing his feet.
Well, if it was supposed to teach you that, I will not be teaching you endurance.
Although from what the wizards told me of your attempt to get into the town, you lasted much longer than some.
I can not believe you made it all the way to the rock wall.
Chasten only made it to the ice swamp and most of us ventured here with our wizard.
If you had come with Alexander I am sure they would have had to find another way to keep you out.
He paused in deep thought, I wonder what they would do if someone made it to the top of the rock wall.
You mean I did well.
Was it some sort of test.
Kilen asked.
It is not a test for you so much as it is a test for them.
The four trials you face coming into this town are a test of their defenses.
It lets them know how much about their magic the world has begun to learn.
The trials test their ability to keep the most powerful of wizards and weapon bearers out.
This is more than a place where wizards come to escape the world problems.
It is a place where wizards are free to practice their skills.
To hone their magic and try to discover the abilities lost in the time of the Dark Army.
The mention of the legend made Joahna excited.
Kilen felt them pushing for him to ask the question.
Here, amongst the greatest wizards, Kilen would surely find the answers he sought about what he was.
What was the Dark Army.
Ray shook his head.
The wizards only tell us what we need to know.
They have their secrets and it is not our job to know them.
We are here to protect them, to listen to what they want us to know, and to carry out their less desirable tasks.
I do not want you to misunderstand me.
The wizards here shape the world.
They have saved it more times than we can know.
If you stay here for any amount of time you will hear the problems of the world, and the lengths they go to save it.
He pointed to a bed behind Kilen, Get some rest, we will talk more tomorrow.
Kilen started to strip his clothes as he listened to the voices in his head.
We must tread lightly If they do know what a spirit wizard is, it may be something they fear.
You may ask with a line of questions that explore how to fight them, but not one that says you are one, Joahna cautioned.
Kilen climbed into bed and found that sleep came sooner than he thought it would.
The time Kara spent in the tent watching over Twilix was becoming tiresome.
Kara was not exhausted, Brandon saw to that, but she was becoming bored.
The only people she had been able to talk to since arriving were Twilix and Mary.
Mary was off to war with her friends.
Her brother was on a secret mission for the king.
The only other person that she could talk with was now in an sort of transient sleep.
Twilix ailment had been slowly overcoming Kara ability to keep the ice at bay.
Brandon said it was not a problem, but Kara was unsure he was being truthful.
The bed had started to accumulate icicles clinging to the bottom.
Hour by hour they became small columns of ice connecting the pallet to the ground.
The ice now surrounded the bed and crept around Twilix form like a casket that was swallowing her whole.
Kara held the flames over Twilix, which required her to stand over the wizard at all times of the day.
Her legs ached and she knew that it would not be long before they began to give out on her.
Kara squatted a few times to stretch her legs.
Brandon brought a plate in through the tent is burnt tent flap.
Smoke had stained all the objects in the tent and her guards had removed all the books and adornments she had earned.
Brandon said it was not her fault, but that he wanted to save the books for when Twilix was finished growing.
He sat the plate of food on Kara bed and she began to eat.
Brandon used a funnel to get Twilix to drink some broth.
He held her head up off the ice block as he poured gulps of broth in her mouth.
She swallowed on her own but showed no response to either person in the tent.
Kara could tell she was changing by the size of the clothing that she wore.
Her dress was shorter and the material around the chest and arms was becoming too tight.
The changes were small but Kara could tell Twilix was starting to age into the form of a woman.
He finished pouring the broth and he placed his hands on her forehead.
Kara saw his eyes turn a vibrant green.
It will not be long now, Brandon said.
We will only have to keep her alive for a couple more days.
How are you holding up.
He stood and and looked around the tent, picking up plates and bowls left from the last couple days.
I have to stand over her now.
I am barely keeping the ice away.
I thought about melting the ice under the cot to make up some time but I am not sure how long it will help.
He smiled at her and placed a hand on her shoulder.
For one so new to being a wizard, you are doing excellent.
Do whatever you think is best.
Remember not to get too close to her skin and be sure to melt the water away from the bottom up.
Kara nodded her head and bent down low.
Small spurts of flame shot out of her hands and started to melt away the bottom of the ice altar on which Twilix now lay.
Brandon patted Kara on the back.
She thought it was weird having a man touch her bare skin, but this is what she would have to wear for a while.
She felt the rush of energy flow into her.
She always felt strange when she was being rejuvenated by Brandon.
Kara continued to work on the ice as Brandon watched carefully.
She felt her legs stretch and she started to relax the muscles.
She knelt and made herself as comfortable as she could while she cleared the rest of the ice from the ground.
The wooden legs of the cot were left untouched.
A thin layer of ice protected them from being burned.
Kara then laid down on the ground and reached her hands under the block of ice that was hanging from the cot.
Her hands became a flame, cooking the ice from underneath.
After being bored for so long she found some entertainment watching the drops of water sizzle on her skin.
The steam cleaned away the dirt from her face and water started to stream away from Twilix as she worked.
She hoped that the time it would take Twilix to build back up the ice would enough enough for Kara to get a decent night is sleep.
With only a finger width of ice left underneath Twilix, Kara stopped her efforts.
Brandon again patted her back and re energized her.
She smiled and Brandon looked at her with his eyebrows furrowed.
Are you okay.
He said, taking a step back.
Kara smiled back, I am fine.
I think I will get some sleep now while I have a moment.
She sat down and Brandon stood with his back facing the doorway of the tent.
I am not sure that would be a good idea with your shoulders sparking they way they are.
You might catch your bed on fire.
A confused look came over Kara face and she looked over at her shoulder that was indeed letting off random sparks.
She raised her hand and her fingers flickered flames on and off.
She stood, startled by the loss of control.
I am not doing that.
Well, I am but I am not meaning to.
I am not angry.
She looked pleadingly to the king adviser.
Help me.
I do not know why it is doing that.
She moved around the small tent with flickers coming from random parts of her body.
I am in control.
I am in control, she chanted as she moved around.
She even started to breath heavy to try and control it like she had with her guards in the dungeon.
Kara, if you are unable to stop this I will have to move you to the dungeons for our protection.
Kara turned on the wizard and flames shot up all around her, catching the tent on fire.
Brandon escaped out the door and Kara followed.
The four guards jumped to their feet.
Each one sprayed the tent with ice and water, leaving the tent in shambles.
The men turned their efforts on Kara, a fully energized Fire Wizard.
The ice and water had little effect on her.
She watched as their attempts turned to steam.
I will not go back down there.
She screamed at Brandon.
I did not say you would.
He snapped back.
I need you to control it so I do not have to.
It took a moment for the words to sink in.
The flames died back, but the flickering still remained.
Tears sizzled and steamed on Kara cheeks as she cried.
I can not stop it, she said in a whimper.
The three guards had swords drawn and were standing ready to attack.
She knew if given the chance the three would not give mercy to even a newborn baby if it were a Fire Wizard.
They hungered to eliminate the threat.
She stared nervously between Brandon and the three men now surrounding her.
She took a step towards Brandon to apologize and the men started to attack.
STOP.
Brandon commanded.
The earth shook and only Brandon remained upright.
He came to kneel beside Kara sobbing on the ground.
He said to her, I know you cannot control it, but that does not mean you are not dangerous.
Kara I think you are aging.
Chapter Ice The sun on the side of the white tent made for a very bright morning.
The light seemed to splash the inside of the tent, leaving no shadows to be found.
Bowie took a moment to lay on his pallet before he put his feet on the grassy ground.
He heard Auburn and John calling out orders.
Auburn seemed to be more harsh with her words than John.
Bowie hurried and got ready.
The way John and Auburn were talking, there seemed to be a commotion in the camp.
Bowie walked out of his tent and knocked over a soldier standing at his door.
What are you doing there.
Bowie asked.
The boy scrambled to stand and put back on his black hat.
Sir, I was told to guard your tent.
There are two guards on the wizard wagon, one on your tent and, one on the scouts tent.
Although, they did not seem to stay longer than a few hours.
Bowie straightened his own hat and left the soldier at his tent.
Obviously John had been hard at work.
I see.
Carry on then.
Bowie walked through a camp that was bustling with work.
Fletchers ran all over and archers on horseback in groups of four came in and out of the camp.
Bowie was assaulted with the smells of freshly cooking foods.
He walked past one of the fire pits and was handed a plate full of meat, beans, eggs, and an apple.
He accepted it as he made his way to the large apple tree, giving shade to a fire pit.
When he approached, he found that Auburn had made her fletching site at the fire pit.
Fletchers were working fervently, making arrows.
Each did their part then handed their product to the next, all seated in a circle.
Auburn smiled and made one last pass around the circle to inspect each man work.
They are doing well, She said.
We found a whole field of strange plants that made the most perfect arrows.
They were only a short walk outside of our camp.
Do you think Wizard Ria had anything to do with it.
Bowie nodded, taking a bite from his apple.
He pointed in the direction that he and Ria had gone the night before.
He stopped chewing and held his hand in front of his mouth.
Did Ramos send word when he would be ready for me to make another purchase.
he asked.
Auburn nodded, He already came by and dropped off some supplies.
I told him we may be able to help the town some more.
John and I sent more hunting parties out.
There are now five groups of four, all riding the new horses.
So far, they are finding a lot of game.
We have more meat than we can possibly eat.
We take a portion to feed your men, and the rest is going into town.
Ramos is collecting the meat in barrels and salting them for the king army.
He is trading us supplies for all that we can bring in.
I told John that if Ramos gives us all the supplies in town, the king might be pretty angry.
Did not I tell you to ask before you made any decisions like that again.
Auburn looked down and nodded her head without raising her eyes to look at Bowie.
I thought that I should find a way to keep him from wanting to kill you.
At least this way Ramos will have something to offer the king, she said.
Yes, well.
How are the arrows coming along.
Bowie questioned.
She moved around the fire pit taking an arrow from each of the fletchers.
Bowie followed and watched each fletcher continue their work.
Each man has a job.
We have some men just collecting shafts or making arrow heads.
Some of the men strip the turkeys and other birds the hunters bring in for their feathers.
One man glues and ties on the feathers with the string and hands it to another.
He puts in the arrow head.
Another puts in a knock.
For each group of three fletchers, there is a man to keep supplies stocked near by.
It is working quite well, Auburn said pleasantly.
How many completed arrows do we have.
Bowie said, picking up an arrow from the stack and inspecting it.
Auburn answered quickly,We have already made about a hundred arrows, and it was a slow start, making sure to get supplies ready before we began.
It should go quicker now.
The arrow was decent quality but inferior to his own.
Improvements to make his own would have added extra steps to prepare the arrow shaft.
It would probably double the amount of time.
He would teach Auburn and let her do what she could to improve it.
As he inspected the arrow, he saw Alexander, the Wind Wizard, approaching John.
He needed to confront the wizard about some training for the imbuement he kept in his wrist guard.
He dropped the arrow back onto the pile and made his way to John and Alexander.
You were supposed to teach me on this trip.
What good is an imbuement if I can not use it.
Bowie demanded.
It will still have to wait for another time, but I did come to see you and Wizard Ria.
The guards at her door said I was not allowed inside.
I decided that instead of killing them, I would come and tell you to remove them from my way.
The wizard displayed no hint of sarcasm in his voice, yet chuckled and whispered something under his breath as he walked away towards Ria wagon.
Bowie looked at Alexander, trying to figure out if he was being sarcastic or not.
When he could not decide, he said, I put those guards there because she exhausted herself making arrow shafts last night.
Perhaps I should go in and see if she is up to seeing you.
The wizard talked to himself and ignored anything that Bowie said.
He stopped at the door and waited.
The two young guards looked nervous at seeing the wizard again.
You did well, go and join the others.
We will take it from here, Bowie said dismissing them.
The two guards looked relieved at being released from standing between two wizards.
Alexander stood waiting, still mumbling to himself.
Well, are you going to check on her.
He said finally.
Bowie did not think the wizard had heard him so he was startled by the question.
Bowie knocked and heard Ria on the inside telling him to enter.
Bowie removed his hat and reached for the door.
Alexander smiled, Good, yes.
Remember your manners.
Bowie smiled, at least Alexander was not entirely crazy.
Ria, I have Alexander the Wind Wizard here to see you, Bowie called out to the wagon closed door.
He heard Ria moving around inside of the wagon.
Come in Sergeant, and bring the wizard with you.
Her voice seemed to be in high spirits and fully energized.
Bowie opened the door for the wizard, who was still gathering his folds of clothing.
Good morning, Ria.
How are you doing today.
Bowie said, standing in the doorway.
I am feeling very well.
She turned to look at Bowie.
Did you bring those items I told you to look after.
Bowie nodded and handed the small pouch containing the numerous earth imbuements to Ria.
She turned her back to the wizard but Bowie could see her dropping the beads from her hand one at a time into the bag.
She held up an open hand to Bowie and smiled as she tucked it away in the cupboard that the plants hid.
Ria said, To what do I owe the pleasure, Alex.
Alexander closed the door behind him, It seems I have upset the king.
I wish not to get skewered today so I have come to report word on the Weapon Bearer.
I was hoping you would be able to get the message to the king.
Alex, I am under the direction of Master Crescent here.
He is using me to the extent of my abilities.
It seems he pushes me so hard, I am confined to my quarters to rest most days.
If you wish to send a message to the king, you had better give it to Master Crescent to deliver.
Alexander tapped his fingers on the table, still looking at Ria who was now slowly pouring tea for the three of them.The wind wizard took a sip of his tea and grabbed a berry out of the bowl on the table.
You always have the best tasting fruit, he said, grabbing another.
While chewing, he pulled out a piece of parchment.
Your friend seems to be doing well, he said, glancing at Bowie.
Last I saw him, he found the Elder Wizard camp.
I was unable to follow inside, but he did not come back out.
I would assume that he is in negotiation for their help.
He wrote while he spoke.
Take this to the king and hand it to him yourself.
Tell him that I will do as I please, and if his tasks are in alignment with my own, he may get some use out of me.
You will make that clear.
Bowie nodded and reached to take a cup of the tea that was offered.
He drank while he waited for the wizard to finish writing on the parchment.
Alexander spoke while scribbling, When I leave, I will resume scouting the Fire Realm troops and report back to the king when I feel it is necessary.
Bowie replied, I will tell him everything and give him the parchment.
But I will not be able to give it to him for a couple more days.
When you do it is for you to decide.
I also want you to have this.
The wizard flicked his wrist and a small arrow appeared in his hand.
This is one of the most basic weapons of a wind wielder.
In order to learn to use it, you must first learn to control the wind.
Controlling the wind is easy, stopping it is hard.
Go somewhere with lots of trees and leaves.
Find the peace in your mind and quiet yourself.
Feel the wind blowing, and eventually you will see it.
When you can see the magic, open your eyes and watch.
Only when you see the wind can you begin to push it to your will.
After that, I will teach you, if you have not already taught yourself before I find you again.
Bowie eyebrows furrowed in confusion, Wait that is all you are going to teach me.
Go and feel the wind.
The wind wizard ignored his comment and stood.
Taking a couple more berries and tucked them into a cloth hidden in his pocket, Alexander smiled as his head scraped the roof of the wagon.
Ria, it was a pleasure, as always, he said.
I hope to see you again soon.
Make sure that this young man does not work you too hard.
He has a reputation from the training fields for demanding excellence.
Ria smiled and collected the tea cups, You are welcome to stop by any time you need to chat, Alex.
Please, visit often.
She seemed pleased to see Alexander, and started humming as he exited the wagon.
As Alexander feet hit the ground Ria turned to Bowie and tried to warn him, Brace yourself.
Vines curled around her feet and wrists as a gust of wind pushed Bowie onto the floor.
Bowie watched as the wind wizard was lifted out of sight.
Bowie black hat landed on the stairs to the wagon slowly, and un naturally.
I told you to brace yourself, Ria chided.
Pick up your hat, we have work to do.
Bowie did as she said.
The earth wizard walked out of the wagon and headed straight for the field of arrow shaft plants she had grown.
The field was picked clean and now stood with short plants all around.
I can grow a bit more if needed.
She asked.
Auburn came bounding after him and the wizard.
Wizard Ria.
Auburn said, getting the wizard attention.
Thank you so much for the plants.
They have given us enough work with for a week.
You do not need any more.
Ria asked.
Auburn shook her head so Ria replied, Very well.
I would ask a favor, though.
In the future, when you cut your materials free, be sure and collect the pods that rest at the top so I can make more later.
She bent over to collect a few discarded pods that had fallen to the ground upon harvesting.
Auburn gathered her skirt and curtsied, Yes, maam.
The wizard gathered a few more before Bowie and Auburn joined in.
They each held as many as they could in their hands.
The pods blossomed opened at the wizard command and new seeds fell out.
Ria collected and put them into the same pouch she had used to grow the plants.
Thank you for your help.
Perhaps if you do not need my help growing arrows, I will be able to grow you a bow or two.
Bowie and Auburn looked excitedly back and forth at each other to see if she was serious, I have heard that black yew is the best wood for a bow.
Ria asked, searching through her seed pouch.
Ah, yes here is a black yew seed.
Now, Auburn, tell me the traits of a good bow.
Ria bent down to push the seed into the ground and Bowie reached for his water skin and motioned Auburn to do the same.
They emptied them on the hole the seed went into and watched as a tiny tree crept out of the ground.
It grew about knee height and stopped.
Ria looked at them both,Well.
I cannot grow you a bow if I do not tell me how.
Auburn tried her best to describe how a bow was made, how the curve was supposed to pull the string and without one attached it would bend at an unnatural angle.
When Auburn was finished describing the length and height needed for Bowie proportions, the tiny tree grew again.
A single branch began extending until it was so long that the small tree bent over from the weight of the new growth.
The final result was grotesque, and only slightly resembled the bow Auburn had described.
The bark was black, cracked, and had warped as it grew.
The process seemed to take a lot of effort from Ria, as she physically slumped and took in a deep breath.
Bowie had not noticed that she was holding her breath while she used her magic.
After a moment, she moved to kneel by the thick branch that was laying on the ground.
She put her hands on the bark and slowly ran her hands over her creation.
There, it is finished.
I am sure I will be able to do that easier after I get a few more attempts in, but for now I must sit and rest.
I will try again later.
The three stood looking at the branch.
None attempted to pick it up until Ria spoke.
Go ahead, pick it up and test it out.
Bowie, with a sigh, picked up the heavy branch.
He reached into his satchel and pulled out one of his spare bowstrings.
He had nowhere to put the string, so put one end of the branch on the ground and pushed his foot into the middle.
The branch bent, as it should, with the bark cracking and snapping.
When he let his pressure off the branch, the bark fell away revealing a smooth surfaced bow.
He picked it up off the ground to admire its surface and saw the veins in the wood were ornate and worked into shapes, much like the stitching on his jacket.
The surface was so brilliant that he, too, stopped breathing.
Auburn stepped around the bark littering the ground to run her hand over the surface.
Ria smiled and walked away, wiping her hands against each other as if she had been working in the dirt.
Bowie turned to Auburn, I need to get to my tools.
She nodded and they took off in the direction of Bowie tent.
Once inside, Bowie pulled out his custom made tools.
His grandfather had been a great fletcher and Bowie continued the family business.
Each tool was developed for a specific task and he knew how to use every one to produce the best arrows.
Even though he had only attempted to build one bow, his grandfather had worked on many when Bowie was a kid.
He had made the arrows and his grandfather had made the bows.
It was time to see if he could remember everything he had watched his grandfather do.
From his bag, he pulled out a leather tool kit that kept his tools separated.
He turned to Auburn, Go get me a bit of supplies for the arrows and bring Tyler here as well.
Auburn left quickly as Bowie concentrated on the tools.
He pulled out a triangular file and started working on one end of the bow, slowly and smoothly.
When Auburn returned with Tyler, she offered a little instruction on the angle of the notch he was already making.
A short time later, he set aside his bow and hoped it was as good as it looked.
He moved over to his table and cleared the papers away.
Bowie pulled his table to the center of the tent allowing his students to sit on all sides.
I have never seen tools like these before, Auburn said, running her hands over their surfaces.
These were my grandfather tools.
He was the original Master Crescent.
He taught me everything I know about making arrows.
These tools were his creation and they have provided well for my family.
We will need to find a blacksmith to see if we can get some more made.
He pulled a tool out with a small, curved hook on the end and went to work on one of the arrow shafts.
It peeled away a thin layer of the wood and left a perfect groove down the side at the end.
This is where the feathers go put a tiny bit of glue here and the feathers spine inside the groove.
It makes the surface smooth by the feather and protects the glue from coming undone.
Just a tiny amount of glue so less string can be used to hold the feathers in place.
Too much string will cause the arrow to catch too much air in flight and slow it down.
He rotated the feather to make two more grooves.
Auburn watched intently as he dabbed glue along the spine of the feathers and tucked them gently into place.
With practiced hands, he pulled string from a spool and ran a spiral pattern though the feather bristles up the shaft.
He spun the arrow in his hand, checking to make sure it was straight.
Next, he pulled a second tool from his kit and filed away a squared section from the end of the arrow.
He placed the arrow head inside the notch he made and wrapped it with string to hold it in place.
He pulled out another tool and ran it along the squared edge of the wood overlapping the arrowhead sides.
The tool angled and smoothed the wood connecting to the arrow head.
Again, he wrapped string around the arrowhead to secure it in place.
He used a smaller file to put a notch in the back and then used a rag to rub the areas with string with a light coat of tar.
He did the same to the bristles of the feathers.
The two watched as he carefully placed it on two small blocks allowing the arrow to dry.
One Crescent Arrow.
These take a long time to make.
How are we supposed to make enough for an entire army.
Tyler said, scratching his head in wonder.
We do not, Bowie said in response.
We keep these for ourselves.
Each archer will learn the craft and they will make their own arrows.
It will give them an appreciation for each arrow they use and waste.
They will take their time to make sure every shot finds its mark.
Auburn and Tyler nodded in agreement.
You two go ahead and get started, Bowie instructed.
I have other matters to see to.
Be careful with my tools.
Bowie made his way around the camp with his new bow, ready to test it with the arrows the fletchers were making.
He did not get the chance before John found him.
Sergeant, I have the numbers for you, John said as he approached.
The townspeople are about to drop off more supplies.
I took the liberty of trading the hides we collect for more goods.
They said they would make some leather goods for when the king passes through.
Bowie noded, Anything that will help the town survive after the king passes through.
I do not need to know the finer details, but tell me about the horses and carts.
John nodded and flipped through his papers.
We have twenty five horses and twenty two carts, not including Ria.
It should be enough to transport all of our goods and a large amount of the troops.
As we travel, we will be able to clear out some of the carts as we give out arrows and deplete our supplies to make them.
I will need one cart filled with finished product to be delivered to the king.
John, you will have my horse hooked up to the cart so I can make the delivery.
We will start moving again the morning after next.
Bowie started to walk towards the ring of fletchers, We need to have the cart as full of arrows as it will allow.
Sergeant, should not I be the one remaining behind to deliver the arrows.
John, you did very well getting all the men here ahead of time.
I need you to take the place that you should have before I showed up.
Take a break and enjoy the ride from the front.
Besides, I have a message to hand deliver to the king from a wizard.
Brandon paced in the wizard library, trying to learn as much as he could about ageing fire wizards.
He was running out of options.
He had read the best way to handle an aging wizard would be to have a wizard of each type present to help control their symptoms.
His real problem was that only three wizards were left behind to protect the castle.
Two of them were aging at the same time.
He had a handful of wielders that were supposed to help, and they were already hard at work.
It was taxing, trying to keep them energized throughout the day.
He tried to remember the moments when Kara had been cooperative as he tried to do his best to save her life.
She was the one in danger now.
Twilix had become encased in an icy casket just after Kara collapsed.
They tried to get her closer to Twilix so her heat would keep the ice at bay.
Now they tried to melt it away by using regular fire and torches.
Kara was becoming so powerful that she was siphoning heat from the torches surrounding Twilix.
She was using the flames that kept Twilix alive to make a heat that was close to consuming her.
The water bearers tried to subdue Kara.The balance was deadly.
The two wizards worked against each other, one needing heat but getting it taken.
One consuming herself in flame and not able to stop.
Newly awakened fire wizards were, by all accounts, unruly, but when they aged during their first year they were downright unpredictable.
No matter what Brandon did to convince the king that Kara had discovered to control her passion, it would all be a waste now.She would remain in the dungeon for years, possibly until a new king took the throne.
Her newly aged power would double or triple in magnitude.
Soon, she would rival Twilix as a young, powerful wizard.
He hoped the two would continue to be friends when, and if, they both came through this trial together.
A knock at the door was followed by his name.
Come in, he whispered, deep in thought.
He bolstered his voice and shouted, Come in.
A servant cracked the door and stepped inside.
Well.
Brandon said standing up.
Wizard, Sir.
Twilix is starting to wake up.
She was taken to a guest room in the east wing of the castle.
You gave the order to notify you of any changes.
Brandon smiled.
He would have to be quick if he wanted Kara to survive.
I will be down momentarily.
As soon as the catch on the door clicked Brandon pushed the hidden button underneath his desk.
A false bottom opened and a set of imbued metal beads on a string fell out into his hand.
He slipped the string on his foot and picked up a map from his desk.
The map gave its user access to secret passageways through the castle and he had already plotted the quickest route to Twilix room.
His sudden appearance at Twilix door gave the guards a start as he passed them.
He shut the door behind him and caught a glimpse of a woman disappearing behind a wooden panel made for changing.
It is polite to knock before entering into a woman chamber, The voice said from behind the panel.
Excuse me, Twilix.
I was merely anxious to see how you were feeling, He said.
I will be quite well once I have a set of decent clothes and something to eat.
This dress got a bit torn while I was growing.
Brandon cleared his throat, I will see that one is brought up at once.
It is already being seen to, Brandon.
Tell me, how long was I asleep.
You were only aging for a few days and I am glad it did not take any longer.
Kara was unable to maintain her watch over you.
Twilix stuck her face around the edge of the panel.
You did not put her in the dungeon, did you.
I told her I would not make her go back there as long as she was in control.
Brandon shook his head, She was unable to control herself, but no, I did not force her to go back to the dungeons.
I do not think all of us would have survived if we had tried.
Kara began aging yesterday.
We kept you as close to her as we could, but you still froze into an ice cocoon.
Our men are struggling to keep her subdued right now.
I was unsure how long they would last.
It is a blessing that your aging did not take too long.
Twilix pulled linen underclothes off of the divider, Are you ready to aid me in containing her power, Brandon.
I will need all the help I can get, Kara was already stronger than Mary.
Brandon remembered the days when Mary aged.
The castle grounds sweltered and it was a struggle to get into the hallway of the dungeons without being cooked alive.
I will do what needs to be done.
How can I help you right now.
Twilix reached a hand around the panel and held it palm up towards Brandon.
First, I will need a little energy for what needs to be done.
Brandon took hold of the smooth, soft hand and pushed a cloud of energy into it.
Lately he felt renewing others was his only purpose.
I will also need you to accompany me to the training grounds, she said.
A knock at the door interrupted the conversation, Wizard Twilix, I have the robe you requested.
Enter, She commanded.
A servant entered the room with a blue robe and draped it over the panel and bowed to Brandon as he departed.
It was not long until an aged version of Twilix emerged from behind the panel.
She made her way to the mirror and moved her finger along the curve of her new face.
It was the same, but older.
She now looked the same age as her mind in her early twenties.
An age that would follow her for some time, possibly the majority of her life.
Brandon did not know what to say.
Twilix had come to the castle when she first awoke as a wizard.
She was guided by his brother in the ways of water magic and she had mastered combatting each element quickly.
Twilix power would rival any aged water wizard.
Brandon had been there to help her learn and grow that power.
He had a hard time seeing this woman as the same little girl that had grown up in the castle.
He was sure she was just as awestruck by the week transformation as he was.
That is, until he came out of his stupor and saw her staring back at him.
Are we going to go check on Kara.
Twilix asked.
He cleared his throat, Of course.
Right this way.
She laughed, I know the way, Brandon.
She moved past him and walked down the hallway.
On occasion, she tripped as she walked.
She knew the hallways as well as he did, but her legs were longer than the last time she had used them.
The stairs must have been especially difficult to navigate because she slowed down considerably.
Brandon lent her a hand when she was about to fall.
He watched her closely as they made their way down to the training grounds.
The three wielders keeping Kara flames in checked looked exhausted, with sweat on their brows and breathing as if they had run the castle grounds.
Twilix waved a hand to the men, dismissing them, but they did not return the wave.
To them, she was to blame for them having to be here.
Kara should have started her ageing still confined to a cell.
He knew that Twilix could handle the new fire wizard and he wanted the men here to see how powerful she was.
They were there to protect the people of Deuterium, and they hated Twilix for her part in Kara putting everyone in danger.
She seemed to pay no attention to the brutes and their ungraceful use of magic.
She got as close as she could to Kara, who now lay on top of a stone bed protruding three feet from the ground.
She would have looked like a sleeping princess from a fairy tale if it were not for all the sparks and small flames leaping off of her.
Heat waves rolled off of Kara, making Brandon vision blur.
He knew it would not be long before Kara was engulfed in flames.
Brandon wielders were not much use against an ageing fire wizard.
Twilix moved back to where Brandon waited for her.
He dared not get too close, in case another stream of liquid fire burst forth from the sleeping girl.
I need your help, if you are up for it.
She asked.
Brandon nodded and pushed back the sleeves on his robe.
Twilix nodded in return, Create a mound of stone around her so no one can see her.
Not a wall that goes straight up, but is sloped on the inside.
You must make it so she is at the bottom of this stone bowl.
Make a way for me to get to the top easily as well.
Brandon knew that Twilix was making a request, however the way Twilix usually made a request came off more like a command.
The ground shuddered as the rock bowl rose out of the ground to surround the girl at its center.
A small set of stairs dug its way out of the dirt and ended just at Twilix feet.
Brandon opened his eyes to admire his handy work and saw Twilix staring at him with arms folded beneath her breasts.
She started berating him, You just helped me through the castle.
I nearly killed myself several times trying to get down stairs.
Yet you make me a staircase.
A staircase without walls or a railing that would be treacherous even if I was used to my own body.
To make matters worse, this particular staircase leads to an ageing fire wizard who could burn me to a crisp without batting an eye.
If you do not mind, something that I will not break my neck trying to climb.
Of course, Brandon was a little frustrated that he had rolled over so easily for the girl.
Her new appearance was throwing him off his usual indignation.
The stone staircase smoothed into a ramp and arm rails grew out of the ground to either side.
He decided to get a bit of his spine back, Watch your step now.
There is some dust on the surface of that ramp, I would not want you to trip.
She glared at him a moment before they both started laughing.
Smiling, she said, I am sorry.
I guess there is more that I will have to get use to than just my new legs.
They both laughed a bit more before a silence left them looking awkwardly at each other.
Well, that should be all I need, Twilix said.
If you could, see that a servant brings some broth to the top of the ramp so that I can feed her.
Brandon bowed his head slightly, I will be sure he brings you a spoon and funnel as well.
Twilix smiled at Brandon, Thanks.
I will watch over Kara.
I will send for you if I need anything else.
Is that okay with you.
Brandon nodded and walked away from the changed wizard.
He was a little surprised that she asked if it was okay.
Twilix stood for a moment to examine her magic abilities.
Water was hard to gather so close to Kara heat but she was able to make it start raining outside of the stone bowl.
As it rained, she pushed her water vision farther than ever before.
Her magic strength had doubled during her ageing.
She reached into her robe and found the small leather pouch she always kept close to her body.
Brent taught her long ago to imbue a bead of metal from time to time that she would be able to draw more power from when she needed it most.
Today was the first time she needed to use this stored ability since the day she started collecting.
The ground was saturated with water, leaving Twilix slippers covered in mud as she walked up the new stone ramp.
The ramp was slick with water and she took care not to slip and fall.
She pulled the braided metal string from her pouch containing her imbued beads and wrapped it around her hand.
She felt the power of water running through her body and the effects of the magic trying to assault her mind.
She had a brief moment of wanting to go back to the bottom of the ramp and play in the mud, then she saw Kara start to light herself on fire.
Twilix rearranged her priorities to control her senses.
She knelt at the top of the ramp, drawing water out of the porous dirt at the bottom and started a small stream flowing up the ramp and down into the stone bowl.
The rain continued so she could keep the stream flowing.
The water boiled at first and hissed when it touched the heated stone surface.
Soon, the water overcame the heat and filled the stone bowl in silence.
Kara bed was soon overcome with water.
Twilix carefully slid down the side of the curved bowl surface and into the water.
She pushed her floating robe into the water and waded over to the sleeping fire wizard.
The water boiled everywhere the water touched Kara and steam looked like a column of smoke rising out of a pyre.
The water surrounding Kara did little to stifle the heat coming from her, but it did manage to keep it from radiating out so far.
Twilix was able to move in close to Kara, but was still not able to touch the girl.
Twilix pushed more magic into the water to slow its movement.
The water stilled and cooled her flames causing the steam diminish and eventually stop.
she continually cooled the water until she could touch Kara skin without being burned.
With more water flowing from the top of the bowl, Kara body was easily floated off of the pedestal and Twilix moved her near the stream flowing down its side.
A servant looked down from the top with a covered tray.
Twilix motioned him down.
He carefully climbed down with the tray in one hand.
He kept his feet from entering the waist high water and handed the tray to Twilix.
The servant left her to work in silence.
The water on one side of Twilix became a sheet of ice and she placed the tray on top.
While holding Kara, she carefully spoon fed the unconscious girl and helped her swallow.
She continued until the bowl of soup was finished.
Twilix needed a way to keep Kara cool while her body expended magic in the process of ageing into a woman.
Twilix was happy that Kara would not have to endure years of childhood treatment in a little girl body with the mind of a woman.
She smoothed the black wet hair away from her face and moved her back to the pedestal she had been resting on.
Twilix turned the flow of water coming into the bowl to run around the lip.
Once it reached the far side, it began to freeze and climb towards the sky.
In a moment the entire bowl was encased with a dome of ice.
She reinforced the new ceiling using the water already inside, uncovering the stone pedestal that held Kara.
The thickness matched that of bricks used to make the castles towers.
The water drained away from the stone surface and allowed Twilix to walk freely on the ground.
Making a small chair of ice, she sat down and looked at the small room she had made.
The summer sunlight split when it hit the smooth ice surface and sent infinite colors spreading around the inside.
For a while Twilix watched as the light moved and changed inside the dome as clouds moved along the sky outside.
Twilix remembered why she had come and looked at the ceiling for what it was a way to help her friend.
She hoped her plan would work out well.
The dome would eventually melt when Kara became hotter she noticed it already was melting.
The water that melted would drip down and fill the bowl until it climbed up the pedestal.
The rising water level would then cool Kara with ice cold water.
If it worked the way she hoped, she would only have to come back every few hours and reform the roof.
She had promised Kilen that she would look after Kara, so she would.
Putting the beads imbued with water magic back in her pouch, Twilix formed a bed of ice near the dome edge and lay down to get a bit of rest before she would need to reform the ceiling.
The sunlight cascading into the room caused her to smile as she drifted off to sleep.
Chapter A Gift The road had been empty for the last couple days.
In that time, Bowie had waited for the king army in the remnants of his camp.
The cart he now sat on contained the arrows his troop made.
More importantly, he had a message from Wizard Alexander he was supposed to personally deliver.
Left with time, he had nothing to do but practice his new bow and to try to teach himself magic.
He ran his fingers over the details that Ria put into his new black bow.
The white veining was in the shapes of vines, flowers, and birds.
Each flower or leaf had such great detail, he found leaves in the area he could match to the ones on the bow.
He strung it and tested the tension.
The bow he purchased in Deuterium was nothing compared to the quality of this one.
Ria said she would try to improve the quality with each one she made.
Any hunter or archer would be more than thrilled to hold one similar to the one he now held.
He put in an arrow from his personal stock and found a knot on a tree some distance away.
Pulling the cord to his face, he felt the wind pushing on his arms, cheek, and hair.
He released the arrow and it struck securely into the knot on the tree, but the wind on his face reminded him of the magic imbuement he had in his armguard.
He tried a few times in the days since he talked with Alexander to see the wind.
He was unsuccessful in seeing or using the wind to do his bidding.
He had learned to do a couple basic tasks with water magic when he traveled with Kilen and Brent, but that skill seemed to have no correlation to using wind magic.
Bowie just wanted a few minutes with a wizard to learn to make a small breeze.
He figured if he could change the direction of a breeze, he would be able to teach himself.
Retrieving his arrow, he looked up at the tree leaves.
He thought it seemed to be a particularly windy day.
Today was one of the only days he had been able to feel the breeze.
The symbol for wind was a chaotic cloud with lightning coming from it in all directions.
He always felt a little unusual when holding it, as if he wanted to go anywhere but where his feet were.
His mind would drift on to many different things.
He compared it to when Kara was little and would get distracted by a passing butterfly.
He pondered the memory of Kara doing just that, then snapped back to reality.
He did not like getting carried away by random thoughts.
He tried to focus on using the wind magic again.
Doing as he was told, he concentrated on the sensation of the wind on his skin.
Bowie sat down next to the tree he tied Charger to.
Pulling his hat low over his face, he tried his best to concentrate.
He wondered what it would be like to be a wind wizard, flying high over the treetops.
He imagined himself looking down on the village of Humbridge.
He wondered if he could track herds of deer easier in the air.
Thinking of deer lead to turkeys, which lead to shooting his bow in the air.
Then his mind turned to catching the turkeys in flight with his bare hands.
His mind was so filled with the possibilities linked to flying, he almost did not notice Charger stomping and whinnying.
Pulling up his hat, he found the king wind wizard standing in front of him.
The wind had died down, letting the wizard robes fall to his side.
Good afternoon, archer.
Taking a snooze in the middle of the day, were you.
He said, gathering his robes into a sash around his waist.
I was trying to concentrate on learning to use my wind magic.
It appears I do not have the knack for it.
Bowie stood and brushed the dirt from his pants.
Might I get your name, Wizard.
My name is Mica.
I took over for Alexander as the Wind Seat on the wizard council.
An apple fell from the tree and landed in Mica hand, he promptly started eating it.
It is a pleasure to meet you Mica.
Would you know how long it will be before the King arrives here.
I have a load of arrows and a message to deliver from Alexander.
Mica continued to chew his mouthful of apple while looking down at the pile of arrows.
Mica spoke with apple spittle coming from his mouth,It will not be too long now.
The king was getting close to the ferry when I left him last.
He sent me to see how far ahead you had gotten.
Only, when I found your troop you were not with them.
They told me where to find you.
Our troops were running out of resources and I was told the king would be here a lot sooner.
Thank you for your update, I will get myself ready to see him.
Wizard Ria and a few of the king scouts have been growing this tree for the last few days.
We attempted to make this a good spot for setting up camp.
Mica spoke while looking over the arrows in the stack, I do not council the king on where to set up camps.
Nor do I teach the rejected armor bearers of my predecessor.
Bowie felt a small sting in Mica words but decided to hold off trying to get a small bit of retaliation.
I was not insinuating that you should teach me.
There was a long silence before Bowie noticed some dust coming from the road near the ferry.
Some of the king troops made it across.
Dozens of wielders galloped up the road, approaching Bowie as they rode.
He watched as several men broke formation to take the road into town.
Men, holding tall lances bearing flags of the Earth Realm, fanned out and formed a circle to what Bowie assumed would be the edge of the inner camp.
The king horse was black, except for the white star on its face.
The horse and the king were both drenched in layers of armor.
The horse pranced as if it was light as a feather.
Behind the king, an all too familiar face followed with the same grimace as always.
Chit was only happy when he had a girl on his lap and a drink in his hand.
On the king other side was Captain Lorusk.
The captain looked as stoic as he normally did, barely noticing the bouncing of the horse.
The king rode just short of stomping on Bowie.
He dismounted and made his way over to the pile of arrows Bowie men had crafted.
The king did not bother to look at Bowie when he spoke,It is a start Sergeant.
Where are my archers.
Bowie took off his hat and bowed low to the king, My lord, the archers departed two days ago.
This area was stripped of its resources for arrows and the fletchers needed to move on to make more.
Very well.
Make sure you do not go too far from my protection.
How soon would we expect our next set of arrows.
Bowie responded with an air of pride in his voice, We should have three times that number a week from now.
It all depends on the supplies we can buy from the towns down the road.
Atmos grunted,I was hoping for a bit more than that.
We have to eat, and most towns cannot supply the meat we need to feed our men.
We need those arrows to hunt.
Your men will have to move quicker, Sergeant.
Bowie replied with as much respect as he could muster, My lord, my men I mean the archers assigned to me, have been hunting every day since arriving.
We have done some trading with the town here and they have been stocking some salted meats for your larger force.
In doing so, we spent most of our money buying supplies for making the arrows.
I even asked for donations from the archers pay to acquire equipment for them to accomplish their task.
I think if you went into town you would find a good supply of meat.
A few wizards rode up behind the king and started to dismount to join the conversation.
The king turned to watch Bowie a moment, I suppose that will keep us for a few days.
Bowie nodded his head, fishing a scroll out of his jacket, Wizard Alexander also came to me and wanted me to deliver this message to you personally.
Bowie handed the scroll to the king and kept talking, My lord, our men spent all of their own money in order to buy supplies and equipment for making these arrows.
I was wondering if I could get their week wages so we can continue to work.
The king picked up arrows randomly from the pile to examine them closer.
Your bow, the king said, holding out his hand.
Bowie reluctantly handed over his new wizard crafted bow.
The king seemed shocked when he looked over the bow.
He let go of the arrows and snatched it up.
Well now, a bow fitting of the name Crescent, I see.
The last one you handed me was nothing compared to this.
Where did you get this.
Wizard Ria was able to make it with the direction of the fletchers.
They both agree they have some improvements to make, but it is by far the best bow I have ever owned.
King Atmos hefted the bow and pulled the string a few times to test its strength.
He then pulled an arrow from the pile and shot it at a nearby tree.
The arrow was released at a tremendous speed, burying itself into the trunk.
So she making you bows instead of helping with arrows.
I sent her to you for a specific reason.
If she is making these bows, I will need all of them, Atmos said.
She has made only the one bow.
I did not ask her to make it.
She said she will be making more when she gets the chance.
Ria does what she wants.
The tone in Bowie voice had a hint of venom in it.
The king laughed as he handed back the bow, She does, does not she.
No matter, my men have bows.
Their quivers however, are empty.
I see you have started to complete your mission.
He pointed to the pile of arrows, I will expect more on the next delivery.
Captain Lorusk will see to it that you get your coin returned.
Your spendings will be reimbursed.
The Black Hats, however, will receive their pay when the battle is over.
It discourages looters on the battlefield if we only pay when they return to the castle, and I do not lose the money to looters.
Atmos opened the note from Alexander and his face turned visibly red.
Mica, your position as wind seat on the council is now permanent.
It seems Alexander is a Elder Wizard.
He turned back to look at Bowie, Apparently, his weapon bearer also belongs to the Elder Wizards.
The king walked towards the unmounting wizards, Council, the Elder Wizards have denied us their presence in this battle.
They did say they will be sending a diplomat to the forces amassed by the Fire Realm.
They will continue to discourage this war by means of peace talks.
Bowie had a feeling the king wanted to stomp away, but he had nowhere to stomp to.
Instead, he started to bark orders about getting his tent up and called for scribes and servants.
Bowie bowed and moved to talk to Captain Lorusk.
Follow me, archer, I will see you to your gold, Lorusk said before Bowie could ask.
Bowie followed the Captain through the busy throng of servants and soldiers setting up a sea of tents.
Horses ran in and out of camp and tents were pulled out of wagons.
Chit followed after the Captain like a trained dog.
He even growled at anyone that came too close to him.
The veterans shrugged off the so called champion.
They had seen him in action and they were not impressed.
Chit had obviously made an impression on the newer members of the army.
They jumped from his path and pulled the others out of the way that did not see him.
A large sword stuck up over his shoulder gleemed in the sunlight and the bracer on his right forearm matched.
Everyone knew who he was, whether veteran or not.
Lorusk pulled the canvas top back from a wagon and hauled a chest out from inside.
He took a key off his belt and opened it.
How much then, archer.
the king asked.
Twenty two gold is what we spent, Bowie replied.
Lorusk counted out the twenty gold and handed it to Bowie.
Chit snatched up the arrows in Bowie quiver, With all that gold, you will be able to make more of these.
I will just take them off your hands.
Chit was staring at Bowie obviously waiting for Bowie to react.
Bowie looked around and saw all the veterans watching, eager to see his response.
Bowie reached up to adjust his hat, Yeah.
I will not be needing them with all the archers watching my back.
He started to walk away through the massing of troops in the area.
Chit, the pointy end with the shiny thing goes towards the enemy, he yelled over his shoulder.
He heard Chit say something but it was drowned out by the crash of men holding the so called champion back.
Bowie had what he came for and decided it would be best to depart before Chit could get loose.
Charger was more than ready to depart the cramping campsite.
He pranced as they moved through the crowd and onto the path heading south.
He figured with resting Charger and stopping to eat in towns along the way, he would be able to catch up with the rest of his men.
He was in for a long ride and wished he had Kilen with him to heal the fatigue he would feel.
The thought of Kilen made him think of the note Alexander left for the king.
Alexander was an Elder Wizard and now Kilen belonged to them.
Bowie knew he was now Kara only hope of surviving.
The days were longer in Idleton than in the castle.
Kilen pushed himself everyday under Ray direction.
A day after Kilen arrived, wielders were being sent out of the Elder Wizard camp on secret missions.
He practiced with each of the crusty wielders in turn, but now only Ray and himself remained behind.
Ray seemed to never get tired of swinging the sword it seemed to be a part of him.
When he moved, it was silent and smooth, as if the sword was a key component of each step.
The veteran weapon bearer tossed down a plate of food for Kilen, which he promptly consumed.
The sweat drawing work did not seem to stop in the elders camp.
He wondered if it was the summer heat or the continuous work the community performed.
Wielders seemed to be the labor force of the camp.
Now that only two weapon bearers were left, Kilen and Ray were being worked hard to keep up with chores.
Kilen was scraping the bottom of his plate and saw Alexander walking through the camp, towards the center of town.
He darted after the wind wizard dropping his spoon on the table.
Alexander.
Alexander.
I need to talk to you.
Kilen caught up with the wind wizard, who was now waiting on him outside of one of the taller houses.
Alexander smiled,I am glad to see you are doing well.
I heard about how hard you fought to get inside.
You almost passed every one of their trials.
Good work, lad.
Kilen laughed a bit at the compliments.
It was mostly due to the voices in my head.
Alexander expression turned serious.
You can stop that game now.
We both know I have never had voices in my head.
Saying that I did was a way to keep others off guard.
I was able to act a part that would let others trust me more because they thought I lacked the mental aptitude to keep up with their lies.
You, however, will not be able to convince others that you are crazy.
The path the Elder Wizards have chosen for you is very different from the life of a crazy wizard.
I would keep talking to yourself to a minimum.
Kilen did not know what to say in response.
He could not tell him the truth about having actual voices in his head, but he knew the wizard already had his suspicions.
What path have the wizards chosen for me.
He asked to change the subject.
It will be revealed when they are finished with their plans.
Meanwhile, keep training hard.
Alexander started to walk up the front steps of the house and Kilen reached up to touch his arm.
Kilen pleaded, Why are we all still here.
Should not they be sending wizards out to help with the war.
If not, I should be going to help my friends.
A wizard Kilen had not seen before came out the front door and stopped to shake hands with Alexander.
He ushered him inside and stayed behind to talk to Kilen.
Kilen, it is nice to meet you.
I am Warick.
I grew up near Paddleton, it was small village just north of your home town, Humbridge.
I would like to talk to you on behalf of the council.
The old, gray haired wizard kept his hands folded in front of him awaiting Kilen answer.
Kilen nodded as the wizard started to lead him on a slow walk back towards the blacksmiths.
Alexander was just promoted to the rank of Full Elder.
He will be receiving instructions and knowledge that other wizards can only hope to achieve.
In receiving his rank, we were forced to take on you as a weapon bearer.
He stopped to turn to Kilen, Which is not your fault, but nonetheless you have given your oath to protect him.
You still wish to be a weapon bearer, do not you.
Kilen was unsure how to answer.
I became a weapon bearer in order to protect my sister.
This is all I want.
The wizard nodded and started again down the path.
Your sister is in good hands and is making very good progress.
She will not be the girl you remember the next time you see her.
You must prepare yourself for that.
They stopped to grab a freshly baked loaf of bread out of a window.
Warick pinched off a bit and handed it to Kilen while he took a bite of his own.
A second loaf was tucked under his arm and they continued on.
Warick continued to talk as he chewed his bread, As long as you do what the Elder Wizards ask, they will watch after your sister.
Soon, you will receive instruction that you must follow through to the end.
Kilen nodded in understanding.
You see Kilen, weapon bearers and wizards were the first bond formed to achieve peace between man and wizard.
We hold that bond sacred as long as man does.
Kings and wizards now do not fully understand that bond.
Anyone who has been made a wielder by means of another man or a wizard, who has not been welcomed into our community, will never be recognized as a True Weapon Bearer.
So, you are saying that because Alexander was only just accepted to be an Elder Wizard, I am to be accepted as a True Weapon Bearer.
Kilen asked.
Correct.
The rules that man has twisted by killing our kind and appointing wielders to the ranks of weapon bearer or armor bearer, creating an abomination to our peace agreements.
In the distant past, wielders were the protectors of man and wizard alike.
They were meant to roam free of authority from wizard or man.
Wielders of the past were untainted justice on the wings of magic.
Wizards feared the wielder connection to man vast numbers.
Man feared the wielder power and strength in magic.
Weapon bearers fought for everyone.
They stood for justice for as far as they rode.
Some towns even weighed their word above any other judgement on those that committed crimes.
They waited months for a wielder to come to exact justice.
You see Kilen, wielders were chosen because of their knowledge, wisdom, and strength of heart above all else.
They walked a slow pace and Kilen slowly chewed on his bread, soaking up the information.
Jace, your mentor, was supposed to be chosen for his wisdom just like your father before him.
Warick sighed.
You seem to be the last hope for wielders in this age.
Today, wielders are chosen for their experience in battle, for the power in their arm.
They are given this power by wizards employed by man.
Men, like King Atmos, have been demented with power and twisted to believe themselves to be a supreme being.
You see, we have great hopes for your ability to choose between what is just and what is unjust, Warick said.
I thought I was just supposed to protect Alexander, Kilen said as they approached the blacksmith shop.
Warick placed the bread on the table as the two silently watched the wizards work the same metal ring in the forge.
They had worked the ring for the entire week Kilen had been there.
It still did not take on any form Kilen could recognise.
If you choose to remain a weapon bearer of the Elders, you will protect everyone.
You will protect wizard and man alike without favor to either.
I hope you would protect all people just as you do your sister, or your wizard.
The feelings in Kilen head began to turn.
He knew the emotions were not his own he heard Jace voice.
The road of being feared by everyone, but accepted by all would not be an easy path, Kilen.
I would choose wisely what you say here.
You commit your life to saving everyone, even a king that chooses to plot against others for his own power.
You will stand amongst few and be accepted by even less.
You will walk all paths alone, because that is the only way you can be fair to all.
Kilen thought it over and found when he looked up from the ground, all the wizards working the forge were looking at him.
They were waiting for an answer.
He stood a little straighter and cleared his throat, but Warick spoke first.
It is okay.
We do not expect an answer now, but we do expect one.
I will let you get back to your training.
Kilen was still deep in thought and forgot to ask if they were going to help King Atmos with his battle.
He stood watching the fire coming from one of the wizard hands.
He was hypnotized as the flames licked the metal ring and turned it from black to glowing red.
The earth wizard pounded the metal with sparks bursting off each swing of the hammer.
The water wizard cooled the metal back to black.
Kilen had watched the process many times at the local blacksmith, but never with this much precision.
As they started to reheat the ring, the flames reminded him of his sister and the night his world was turned upside down.
The water reminded him of Twilix and how his adventure began.
He wished he had not made the choice to chase Chit down.
He could have taken back the sword some other way.
Joahna spoke as if he could see Kilen thoughts, If it had happened some other way, perhaps Kara would not be stuck in a castle dungeon.
She would have awakened someday whether you were there or not.
You might have even died, had it happened in a different way.
Kilen, this is the fate that we all have been dealt there is no turning back now.
Joahna voice was that of reason.
There was no changing his fate now.
The wizards stopped working to eat the lunch that was being dropped off by various wizards.
When the activity in the shop slowed down for the wizards to eat, Kilen noticed his armor in the corner.
The shield leaned against the rest of the armor, hiding behind it as a warrior would.
Kilen reached for the restored shield.
The dents and scratches had been removed and a fresh layer of paint coated the top.
Each of the four emblems of magic were painted into separate quarters of the shield surface.
Water opposite earth, fire opposite wind all represented equally.
The earth wizard spoke while chewing his food, Take it, it is all finished.
Kilen started to lift the shield and the wind wizard spoke.
You were missing a few pieces of a full suit, so we found some of the parts and also replaced some that did not match The large fire wizard spoke before the wind finished, You should probably train in those before you leave town.
It will feel different fighting in a full suit.
You will have some limited use of your arms, but Ray should be able to teach you to overcome it.
Kilen did not say anything as he picked up the pieces of armor tied together by leather straps.
Lifting the pieces was not as taxing as it once had been.
He figured his muscles must have grown or the weight of the armor would be causing him a problem.
While residing in Idleton, he had done every task without the aid of his magic imbuements.
He worked and practiced like any normal man.
His muscles were getting bigger, so much that he might even rival the strength of his good friend Daniel.
He thought of returning home and seeing Daniel face when challenging him to arm wrestle.
Kilen hefted the armor over his shoulder and headed back to the training ground where Ray was sharpening his sword.
The large man spent most of his day in this training ring or in his home by the fire.
Kilen was not sure he wanted to live his life staved away from the world, stuck in a town of wizards like Ray.
He also knew he would live and die here if it meant his sister would have a chance to live.
He hoped that if he made the choice to become a true weapon bearer, he would have access to the wizard library he heard so much about.
Ray, are you a full weapon bearer.
Kilen asked.
The master swordsmen stopped sharpening and looked at Kilen, They asked you, did they.
Kilen nodded.
Ray ran a rag over the length of the polished blade.
Dark times are coming then, if they are asking young ones like yourself.
In my time they refused to recruit anyone that had not grown a full patch of hair on their chest.
Kilen took a bit of offense, having only a lightly haired chest.
The grizzly weapon bearer grinned,Kilen, if they are asking you, then they think you are a good choice, but that is exactly what it is, a choice, and only one you can make.
Whether you know it or not, you have already made your decision.
All you need to do is find out what it was.
To find out if you are a weapon bearer, you simply must ask yourself a question.
Ray stood and looked Kilen in the eye and placed his large hands on either of Kilen shoulders.
Will you stand up against all forms of evil to serve those who cannot stand up for themselves.
It seemed as if it was an easy question, but several instances came to his mind.
His sister was a fire wizard if she was unable to control herself and hurting people, was she considered evil.
If a peasant was poaching on a king land because he was starving, is he considered evil.
Kilen was not sure how to answer and when he did not, Ray let his arms fall to his side.
You are wise to think your answer through.
I made that mistake once while a weapon bearer.
I made a choice from my own heart.
Men and wizards came down on me for justice.
I was let off easy, with a life sentenced to protect these wizards.
I do the job because the decision I made was the wrong one, and it cost many of lives.
Ray spoke with his back to Kilen but he thought he saw in the reflection of his blade, a tear come down Ray face.
Let us practice the sword, it always helps me clear my mind.
Perhaps it will help you clear yours so you can make a proper choice.
Kilen put his armor on.
The weight was more than he had expected, now that he had it in place.
He did, however, have a difficult time raising his arms above his head.
The new shoulder guards restricted his movement.
He wondered if wearing them would do more harm than good.
He was soon happy he had chosen to leave them on.
Ray attacks were swift and powerful.
The new armor took a beating more than Kilen did.
He remained unscathed from the assault that was unleashed on him.
Ray sword moved as swiftly as it had when Kilen was not wearing armor and Kilen was now useless in fending off the attacks.
The sound of the wooden sword cracking against the metal pieces of armor reverberated off the nearby buildings.
He found himself so frustrated at being unable to stop attacks, he started to anticipate them in advance.
Kilen would ignore an attack just to stop the next one.
Ray soon figured out Kilen was ignoring the attacks and chose to hit areas left unprotected by his new armor.
Kilen found himself being stabbed in the armpit, falling after being hit in the back of the knee, and waking up after being struck in the side of the neck.
Ray would not let Kilen get off easy for leaving himself exposed.
Kilen soon went back to fighting the wordless battle of wits that he was losing.
Chapter Lessons Bowie had ridden Charger hard the last few days trying to catch up with his men.
He knew John must be pushing them to get that far ahead of him in three days time.
The prance had long ago faded from the horse step.
Bowie had never run him to the point of Charger wanting to walk for a while.
The dust trail up the road told Bowie he was getting close, so he kept Charger at the same pace.
Before long, he came up on the last men in the formation.
Then men on foot were jogging with no packs or equipment on.
They simply ran together behind the carts.
They waved to Bowie as Charger passed by.
Bowie saw that the carts were filled to the brim with people and supplies.
It took Bowie another thirty minutes to catch up to the front of the line.
John was running beside one of the carts filled with sweaty men.
Each man in the cart had a bow in hand and was looking about the road.
Bowie was unsure what they were looking for.
He slowed Charger to a walk beside John.
You have made some distance between us and the rest of the army.
Well done, Bowie said.
John seemed to brighten at the compliment, saying, You said the farther from the army we are, the more successful we will be.
I thought I would give us as much time in one place as I could.
There is a town up ahead, I figured we could set camp there.
Bowie scratched his face and the stubble that started to grow during the ride.
I would prefer setting up on this side of town if there is a place.
John nodded and turned to one of the men on a horse and waved him forward.
Tyler approached on horseback and John made a signal with his hand that said it was time to switch.
When John was in the saddle he was handed a bow and he spurred his horse forward.
John shouted, Shall we find a good spot.
Of course, and after that you will have to show me how you have been able to keep this troop moving so fast, Bowie replied.
John smiled with yet another compliment.
Let us visit Ria first.
She will give our horses some energy, John said.
Bowie nodded and followed John back to Ria wagon.
He leaned in the saddle and knocked on the side wall of the wagon.
Soon the back door of Ria moving wagon popped open and she stuck out her head.
Oh Master Cresent, it is good to see you finally caught up.
John, did you need something or were you just telling me Master Crescent is here.
Ria asked.
John took off his hat to speak to her,Sorry to bother you.
We need a bit of energy for the horses so we can ride ahead and find a good place to camp for a few days.
If you do not mind of course.
She smiled at John before leaning over to touch the horse neck.
Soon after, John moved back and waved Bowie over so Ria could reach Charger.
The horse danced and bucked Bowie away from the wagon with an eagerness that said he had regained his normal prance.
Ria nodded at the men and closed the door to her wagon.
John was looking at Bowie empty quiver.
He moved to the next cart up and held his hand out to the men inside, Arrows for Master Crescent.
The men reached in a basket hanging over the side of the wagon and pulled out a handful of arrows.
Bowie examined the arrows and noticed the traits he told Auburn to include were present.
The feathers were inset into grooves before being glued into place.
The arrow tips were shaved to give them straighter and easier flight.
These were higher quality arrows than what the men had been making before.
He looked back at the cart and saw his grandfather tools being used by the fletchers.
Auburn had not delayed in putting the tools to good use.
Some troops waved as Bowie and John rode past to the front of the line.
John rode fast to advance ahead of the troops, leaving them to watch the treeline.
What are you looking for, John.
Bowie asked as he looked around in the trees.
Scouts, bandits, or game.
Whichever we might encounter first.
I have the men keeping their eyes out for them as well.
There is no way we can know how far out the Fire Realm has pushed their scouts.
If we push too much harder, we will start to encounter some of them for sure.
They have been in the Earth Realm for almost a month.
They should have a pretty good camp set up by now, but they are probably running low on resources.
Bowie said.
Perhaps.
The king scouts have given me some of the information they collected.
However, the information does not involve anything in this area.
All we know is this summer heat that slows us down is like winter to them they are probably making great time.
To make matters worse, I doubt they are running low on any resources.
Bowie thought it over for a moment while John pointed to a large clearing off to the side of the road.
If they have resources and weapons, then the more time they have, the more fortified they become, Bowie said.
John smiled in agreement.
While the king dallies around trying to gather men to him, the Fire Realm builds and becomes stronger.
Each day it will require more men and more deaths to win against the Fire Realm.
Each day they become stronger and more adapted to our lands.
Each day, they find new ways to stop us.
Bowie let the words sink in.
They needed to move fast to be able to impede the Fire Realm wherever they could.
They needed to buy the king time to finish gathering his army.
Bowie finally looked up and noticed John was dismounted and wandering around, checking the trees surrounding the open area.
John, I need you to teach me how you get these men to move so fast.
John faced Bowie, That is easy.
I told them their lives depend on it.
It was a simple concept, but one they would all believe in.
It was something that they all could control, and all play a part in.
Each man was working hard so they would survive the summer.
What do you think of the area.
He said to John who was still looking around.
It give us enough space for the tents and fires.
The hunting should be good here, and a town is a half a day ride south.
Far enough we should not bother them by being in this place.
I think it will work well.
Bowie nodded in agreement, then dismounted and pulled his bow from his saddle.
He bent the bow and strung it.
John eyed the bow with much wonder but said nothing.
Bowie held it out to John who reverently took it into his hands.
He turned the strung bow over and felt its curves and details.
Bowie let out a small laugh and held up an arrow, Go head.
Give it a try.
John knocked the arrow and pulled the string as far back as it would let him.
The bow made the familiar twang as the arrow took flight.
The arrow flew straight and sunk its head deep into a nearby tree.
John let out a deep breath and lowered the bow to examine it again.
This is made of wonderful quality, but I am afraid it is too short for me to draw well.
He handed the bow back to Bowie.
Well then, we will just have to have Ria make a longer one for you.
John caught Bowie by the arm as he turned back to grab another arrow from his quiver.
Ria made this for you.
John eyes were bright with hope.
Yes, He said while looking at John hand on his arm.
She said she was going to be making more.
You are the next one to be getting one.
John realized he was gripping Bowie arm and released it.
His mouth was open but he did not say anything.
He glanced back down at Bowie bow still in his hand, Thanks.
I thought we would not be able to get enough bow for all the men, but these bows.
These bows will help us survive what is planned for us.
Bowie nodded his head and held out his hand for the bow.
John reluctantly handed it back and Bowie fired some shots to the same tree John had fired on.
Bowie asked John how to improve production.
They discussed how Bowie could improve his skills by shooting faster.
The two talked every second of the hour it took for the troops to catch up to them.
Men filed into the new camp site and John immediately started giving orders and organizing each wagon of men to tasks.
Tents were being assembled, trees were chopped for firewood, and two parties were sent out to hunt.
Bowie still did not know what he was supposed to do, so he tried to help out where he could.
When he started a task John, or Tyler ran to take over for him until he found another.
After three or four tries, Bowie finally got the hint and started to head back to his tent.
Ria wagon was sitting close to Bowie tent and as he walked by he could hear a muffled argument between two females.
Bowie tried to get closer to the door to hear what was being said but was unable to make out the words.
He put his ear against the door just as it burst open.
I will do the job that has been assigned to me.
Auburn exclaimed as she came out the door.
She stopped and looked at Bowie, now laying on the ground from the force of the door.
The job of leading men is not for a woman to do.
Ria said from inside the hut.
She came out chasing Auburn and saw Bowie laying on the ground.
Sitting around is not a good trait for a leader, Master Crescent.
Auburn started to walk away, It is about time you showed up.
Maybe now that you are here, she will stop telling me how to do my job.
She did her best to stomp away as a frustrated Ria stared at her back.
Ria finally noticed Bowie was still on the ground, trying to figure out what was going on between the two.
Come inside.
It was not a request, but a command.
Bowie stood and went inside the wagon, brushing himself off and closing the door behind him.
Why do you encourage the girl.
She has no place commanding an army.
Ria said while rummaging through her drawers.
Vines moved out of the way each time she reached up to open one.
Bowie wondered how many drawers were hiding behind those leafy vines.
She is not commanding an army, just the fletchers.
I need someone who knows the craft.
Bowie tried to seat himself on the stool but watched as a vine pulled it underneath the table to keep him from sitting on it.
Ria slammed a metal teapot down on the counter.
You need to find someone else.
Any of the other fletchers will do.
Anyone else to make your arrows.
She needs to be in here, getting etiquette lessons, Ria said with her back to him.
Bowie noticed that Ria still had dirt underneath her fingernails and wondered what kind of etiquette she was supposedly teaching Auburn.
So you do not want Auburn commanding fletchers because she needs to be learning etiquette.
I am sure as soon as she gets the men taught they will be able to make the arrows without her help.
After that She will have more time to learn.
Bowie said.
It is not just that.
You are teaching her bad things.
When she is done here, she will be expecting men to treat her the same way.
Will you be there to put her in charge of more troops when this war is over.
Will you be there to teach her daughters to command men the way she does.
Will you be there to pick her up after she tries to command the wrong man.
They are not all as understanding as you.
She was pouring tea as she gave him his tongue lashing.
I do not understand.
You do not want me to show her to stick up for herself.
You do not want me to show the men that she has skills better than theirs.
You want me to have her wash the small clothes and fetch their meals instead.
Ria let out a small grunt of a squeak, I did not say that.
I do not want her getting it in her head that she is in charge of men.
If she does not learn to cook or do laundry she will never find herself a husband.
She needs to learn these things so she can make a good wife.
Bowie scratched his head for a moment thinking, So you want me to stop a woman from being in charge of men so that she can learn to be a good wife.
Then you want me to be respectful to women by being proper around them and not allowing them to use their skills.
She grunted again.
Wizard Ria, I can not go back on my word to her now.
Besides I am not sure anyone will survive this.
She may not end up ever returning to a normal life.
Ria used the vines to move the stool out from underneath the small table and Bowie took the hint and sat.
She poured them both a cup of tea.
Bowie drank small sips waiting on Ria reply.
Perhaps you do not have to go back on your word.
You are going to stop trying to teach her how to act like a lady.
Ria stopped drinking to look at Bowie over her small cup, I will do nothing of the sort.
Perhaps I will not supply the men with items they need unless she comes to these lessons.
Ria crossed her arms and waited for Bowie reply.
He let out a sigh, So you want me to go to Auburn and tell her that unless she attends etiquette lessons, we will not get anymore arrow shafts.
No, you will get your arrow shafts.
The more lessons she attends the more bows I grow.
If she wants to help the men in her life then she must be a lady, that is my offer.
Bowie shook his head in confusion.
He should have known leaving these two women alone would cause trouble.
He knew he should have given specific instructions to keep the two separated.
Bowie left his half cup of tea on the table as he stood to leave.
Will she be attending the lessons.
Ria asked.
I will see to that she attends the lessons, but it will not be easy.
She does not like being told what to do.
Bowie closed the door behind himself and found the way to his tent.
The desk had new scrolls laid out and his cot was pushed to the back.
Bowie pulled off his jacket and shirt and threw them on the cot.
He put an arrow on either side of the scroll to read it while he changed.
They managed to make five thousand arrows on the road, three hundred of which were Crescent arrow quality.
He put on a fresh linen shirt and left off his jacket it was already past noon and the summer heat was in full effect.
Bowie brushed off his hat and put it on top of his head.
Somehow, going to chat with Auburn felt like going to battle.
He hoped that he did not need any armor.
Walking through the camp, Bowie was bombarded by question after question.
Where do you want the fruit tree planted.
Where do you want the finished arrows to go.
Do you want the Crescent arrows placed somewhere different.
Should we start sending hunting parties out.
Where do you want the scouts tent to be.
Bowie did his best to answer each and every one.
He even took the time to stop and help some people with a loose tent line.
He managed to help some soldiers without Tyler or John stopping him.
He came close to one of the fires where he heard Auburn shouting orders.
She was particularly picky on her orders to construct arrows.
She even told the men which direction to wrap the string.
He was glad she was paying close attention to the construction of each one, but wondered how much more of the yelling the men could take.
Bowie spoke from a couple tents away from the workers, Auburn, can I talk to you a moment.
Auburn looked annoyed that someone had spoken to her.
She sighed and left the fletchers to their task.
She is commanding you to make me take the lessons, is not she.
In a way, yes.
Bowie took off his hat and scratched his red hair.
Auburn is one of the only other people he had ever met with red hair.
He felt a kind of camaraderie with her.
It is more than that, though.
Hows that.
Is she threatening not to help with arrows.
It is fine.
I will find a way to get the arrow shafts the old way.
Auburn looked to be deep in thought about finding the materials.
Actually, no.
She said she will help with the arrow materials either way.
She has nothing else to offer me.
What could she possibly give that would make me want to go to lessons to be a woman.
She looked down and held out her arms at her body, I do look like a woman, do not I.
Bowie was caught off guard by the question, No.
I mean yes.
Yes, you look like a woman.
She does have something to offer that I cannot go without.
Auburn smiled a little at Bowie still looking at her body and sputtering.
She has agreed to make more bows if you attend these lessons, He managed to choke out.
She did not respond to him but just stood in silence now looking at Bowie body.
We need those bows if we are going to have any chance to survive this battle.
If you do not agree to go to the lessons we will all surely die.
So you need me to do something for you, Auburn said smiling.
It is either you go to the lessons or I find another fletcher for the job.
Bowie tried to summon as much of a commanding voice as he could muster.
She clicked her tongue still looking at Bowie, I think I might be able to attend the lessons.
Bowie let out a sigh at the glimmer of hope.
I will require for you to do something in return, She said before he could speak again.
He knew it was too good to be true.
He wondered why things with women were never simple.
I want to you to teach me how to use the bow, and I want to go to town with you when you go.
I can teach you to use a bow, but taking you to town with me is not happening.
You almost got a noose put around my neck with lies the last time you followed me.
They are probably trying to catch up with us after all the supplies we got for almost nothing.
I am just glad we bought all their horses.
No, you are not going with me, He said replacing the hat on his head.
She smiled and took a step to stand nearly chest to chest with him.
She looked up at him so her face was almost touching him.
It looks to me like you do not have much of a choice.
He could feel the heat of her breath on the side of his face.
She was a woman and now she was going to use it to make him uncomfortable.
Fine, but you will not leave my side.
Auburn smiled and walked away calling over her shoulder, Let me know when you are leaving and wear something nice.
The yellow jacket will be just fine.
She began shouting orders again as if he had not talked to her at all.
Frustrated, he made his way back to the tent to get his jacket.
The sooner he could get the two working together, the sooner he would be able to arm his troops.
He put on his jacket and grabbed his quiver of arrows and the black bow.
He tied on his men pouch of gold coins and went back through the camp.
Most of the tents were now erected and horses were being groomed.
Scouts were already starting to turn in for a bit of rest.
Bowie saw John organizing hunting parties.
Most importantly, the fletchers were working very fast.
Each step in making an arrow only took a few seconds with practiced hands.
Each man completed one step and handed the partially made arrow to the next person.
Bowie was surprised to see that they had four teams of fletchers all working simultaneously.
One of the teams was using an extra man and Bowie tools.
He leaned down to inspect the arrow and it was very high quality.
High enough that it would rival his own crafting.
Auburn saw him inspecting the arrows in his yellow jacket and went straight over.
Yellow Jacket, are you ready to leave already.
Bowie nodded his head and stuffed some of the arrows into his quiver, Yes, I need to get my tools back to see if we can have another set made.
If you were wanting to go to town, you should have said something.
I have to make myself presentable.
I will only be a moment.
Bowie watched as Auburn disappeared into a tent.
He started to collect his tools in the leather pouch his grandfather had made.
The men quickly went to get their own tools to continue working.
Piles of arrows were already starting to amass.
Bowie sat for a while and chatted with some of the men while waiting for Auburn to return.
He directed their hands, giving advice where needed.
His stomach began to growl and he felt like getting a bite to eat before they left for town.
He knew that he would have to probably stay the night in town because it was already too late in the day.
Bowie was starting to get frustrated and got up to yell at her in the tent.
He was almost to the tent when the flap opened.
Auburn came out in the purple dress the merchant had given her.
Her hair was pulled up with a few loose strands that fell down around her face.
Bowie was so surprised by the transition that he could not find the words he was about to yell.
Auburn smiled as she walked past him, It is getting late, we should be off.
The statement brought back the words that he had wanted to yell but now they were irrelevant.
She walked to the area the horses were tied to graze in and picked out a horse to suit her.
He found charger and had one of his men help them saddle the horses.
Charger was eager to be back on the road with a full stomach and energy restored.
They rode the horses past Ria wagon and saw her standing outside.
Master Crescent, did you convince her.
Bowie gestured behind him and Ria saw Auburn ride up in the purple dress.
She will attend the lessons.
Right now we are headed into town.
Is there anything I can pick up for you.
Ria ignored the question and looked Auburn over, I am glad to see you finally in something more appropriate for a young woman.
A bit flashy, but it is a definite improvement.
Be sure you act like a woman while you are in town with him.
She turned to look back at Bowie, I will take some tea leaves if you come across some She turned to go back inside her tent.
Auburn yelled out to her.I am not in your lessons right now so I will wear and do as I want.
Wearing this dress is not for your benefit.
She spurred her horse forward and headed down the road towards the city.
Bowie shrugged his shoulders at Ria who nodded back.
Charger quickly caught up to Auburn who seemed to be running from the Dark Army itself.
Bowie had to yell to get her to slow down.
When she did slow, her horse was panting and trying to step off the road.
She urged it back onto the path and kept riding.
The lessons are that bad.
Bowie said trying to make conversation.
The lessons are not bad at all, they just remind me that I was not given them by my mother.
My mother ran off with another man when I was a toddler.
She left me and my father alone and I grew up helping him run the store.
I did not get fancy dresses or get taught to dance.
I spent most of my days trying to keep my fathers supplies full.
Do not get me wrong, I enjoy the work and I love my father.
I just did not get the chance to be a girl, She said.
Bowie did not know what to say so he said nothing at all.
They rode on for a little ways and she fussed over the lace at her wrists and neck.
Now that I have some fancy clothes, I am not sure I like wearing them.
You seem to prefer wearing the uncomfortable fancy things, She said still scratching around her chin.
Bowie sat up and tugged at at this jacket, straightening it.
I prefer to be treated with respect when people meet me.
I do not think I would be taken seriously as a businessman if I was so young and did not wear decent clothes.
Besides, you look beautiful.
As soon as the words left his mouth he wished he had them back.
Auburn cheeks turned red at the compliment.
He meant to help her feel better, instead he embarrassed them both.
He looked down the leather armguard feeling the lump of imbuement against his skin and cursed.
Instead of ignoring the statement and riding the rest of the way in silence, she changed the subject, Will you tell me about the Water Realm.
I have not been out of my town much and always wanted to see what the other realms looked like.
Bowie was happy to be talking about something else, The Water Realm is not that special.
The land is flat, some places there are swamps, but I have not been anywhere near it.
I grew up near Heathmos Pass.
The land there is grassland.
Lake Leviathan is so large that you cannot see the other side when standing on its banks.
Our trees are smaller than the ones here.
Trees where I am from do not grow much taller than houses and offer little shade.
Sunrises there are a lot better, since there are not trees blocking the view in every direction.
When the sun sets, the sky changes the most wonderful colors.
Kilen, Kara and I use to sit and watch them until we had to go home and finish our chores.
Who are Kilen and Kara.
Siblings.
Bowie laughed, No, although I think we were as close as siblings can become.
Kilen is my best friend and Kara his sister.
Kilen is a Weapon Bearer now and is on a mission to convince the Elder Wizards to come help us in battle.
Wow, he must be very strong, She said patting her horse neck.
Bowie rode for a bit before answering.
I am not sure who he is anymore.
This last Springfest he was supposed to leave town to become a scribe.
The next thing I know, Kara is saying she is going after him to stop him from killing a man that took his father sword.
I agreed to help her catch up to him and when we did, he was fighting the man in the street.
The man is now named the King Champion.
He is a bit of a bully from our town.
Just as Kilen was starting to win the fight, Kara awakened as a fire wizard.
She started throwing balls of fire and caught a building aflame.
What did you do.
I did nothing, I could not.
A water wizard came around the corner and put the building and Kara out.
He told us to go to an inn.
On the way, I found out Kara would have to be trained and we needed to pay for that training unless we wanted her to starve.
So Kilen and I enlisted so we could pay for her training.
Auburn seemed to be following the story well enough.
So he continued.
When we arrived in Deuterium, Kilen became very distant.
He trained with one of the king scouts, some wizards, and a Kapal man.
He made friends in secret and ended up almost getting tried for murder.
I do not know who Kilen has become, but I hope my friend is still in there somewhere, Bowie realized he was slowing Chargers walk and gave him a nudge to speed back up.
Where is this Kara, now.
Did she finish her training as a wizard.
Bowie was able to point out smoke through the trees ahead on the path.
They were getting close to town.No, she not finished yet.
The last time I heard about her, she was in the dungeons of Deuterium.
The king puts all untrained fire wizards in the dungeon to protect the city until they can control their emotions.
I am in this army to help her.
Bowie and Auburn rode on for a ways and passed a few houses with overgrown moss and vines covering their walls.
The farther away from Deuterium they rode, the larger the trees had become.
Most were now larger around than a small house.
Small bushes and grass had grown on the forest floor and hid a vast amount of animals.
He found himself watching Auburn looking at the houses and the trees and could not help but feel sorry for her.
He had chosen to come along on this adventure, but she was forced.
Forced to follow troops into battle without the skills to use the weapons that she made.
He told himself he would do his best to teach her how to use the bow.
Auburn, thanks for taking the lessons.
She smiled, I probably would have taken them anyway.
She would have continued to punish me until I agreed.
She turned in her saddle to face Bowie, She tripped me with a root out of the ground.
I am sure there is a better use of her magic than tripping people.
Bowie laughed, She did the same thing to me.
They continued to talk about the best way to get back at Ria if things got any worse.
Each scenario ended in disaster, so they decided they better just do what they could to improve the situation.
The outskirts of the town came into view and Bowie immediately started looking for the first inn he could find.
People in the street seemed normal enough going into stores and carrying out their normal daily tasks.
The town seemed to have a larger amount of women than a normal town.
Bowie had only seen a few men in the street, but for every man there were three women.
The inn had music drifting out of its main room and into the street.
The moss and vines grew up the side of the stone walls around the building.
The whole town smelled like an old musty cellar.
They tied their horses up and went inside.
A man with a patchy beard was wiping out mugs behind the counter.
Tables were being used by a few patrons but one man caught Bowie eye a man sitting in the corner writing on a scroll, wearing an outfit much like the one he had seen Mary wearing.
The leather straps went across his chest and held a curved knife in a sheath.
His hair was cut short and he was writing slowly on the scrolls.
Bowie walked over to the man table and sat down next to him.
Auburn followed and pulled out a seat for herself.
Bowie waved for a barmaid to come over.
Can we have a couple plates of whatever you are cooking in the back.
She nodded and looked at the man who also nodded to her.
Bowie removed his hat and placed it on the back of the chair.
The king will be here in a couple weeks and is sweeping in all the soldiers, workers, and wizards he can find.
Are you planning to join the king in battle.
The man rolled up his scrolls and glanced between his two new dinner guests.
He seemed as if he did not know what to say to them.
He took a long drink from his mug and placed it back on the table.
I am a loyal man to the king, He finally said.
Bowie smiled, Good to hear.
If you would like, I have a troop of archers just north of town on the road.
We always welcome wielders with a place to rest and eat when we are camped.
You are welcome to join us, but it will be at least a week maybe two until the king arrives.
The man nodded and stood to leave, Thank you for the information.
I have some things to arrange before the king arrives here.
Bowie stood as the man walked out of the room and upstairs.
He began to wonder if he had given the man to much information, but ignored the notion and sat back down.
The barmaid brought two plates of stew and a couple of rolls.
Bowie started to eat, but Auburn was still watching the stairs.
He was a bit strange do not you think.
We did not even get his name.
Bowie was already too far into his stew to think about the wielder that left.
Perhaps we will see him in the morning.
Auburn, still looking at the stairs, finally looked around the rest of the room and saw everyone staring at them.
She looked down at her plate and started to eat.
Perhaps, She said pushing a chunk of meat around her bowl.
They ate their stew as the innkeeper moved through the room, whispering into various patrons ear.
Each person left their drink or food and departed the inn as soon as he finished talking to them.
Soon, Bowie and Auburn were the only two left in the inn.
Bowie left his plate and went to talk to the man.
Excuse me.
Is there a blacksmith in town.
There is.
He has been pretty short on supplies lately but you can ask him yourself.
He is near the other end of town.
Mr.
Kershaw is his name, but he does not make weapons or armor.
He deals mostly in horseshoes and tools and does pretty shoddy work.
Good thing for us we are looking for tools to be made.
Thanks for the information.
I also need two of your rooms.
The rooms here are full, as are all the rooms in town.
The innkeeper wiped his mugs clean doing his best not to look Bowie in the eye.
Bowie tapped the counter and looked back at Auburn, he knew something strange was going on.
The town was not busy enough and everyone in the inn left when they arrived.
You just happen to know that every inn in town is full.
Bowie did not expect and answer and he did not get one.
The man just kept cleaning his mugs.
Perhaps there someone that would let my lady stay in their extra room or barn.
There no place in town for you to stay.
You had best just eat your meal and be on your way before it gets dark.
The inn keeper did not look up from his work.
Bowie tapped on the counter a couple more times.
He could not figure out what game the innkeeper was playing but it did not feel right.
Perhaps you are right.
We will finish our meal and get out of town.
Finally the innkeeper looked up.
It probably is for the best.
He smiled at Bowie and then went back to cleaning his mug.
Bowie returned to his table and scooted his chair very close to Auburn.
In hushed tones he whispered, Something strange is going on.
Eat your food quickly so we can get to the blacksmiths.
I am not sure it is wise to be in town when the sun goes down.
Auburn showed Bowie an empty plate and slid his pate in front of him.
He grinned and took a couple more spoonfuls of the stew.
He put the biscuit in his pocket and put his hat back on his head.
Auburn led him from the the inn and he pointed her towards the blacksmith.
The streets that had townsfolk walking them earlier were now empty.
The two stood alone amongst the wind and dust.
Businesses had pulled their curtains and Bowie could hear some doors being locked.
An eerie silence made the hair on the back of Bowie neck stand on end.
Auburn leaned in close to Bowie, Take your bow.
Bowie tightened his hand and nodded his head in agreement.
Probably nothing, but I will not take any chances.
He grabbed a handful of arrows and put them in the quiver at his hip.
Let is go talk to the blacksmith and get out of this town.
Next time we will bring a few men with us.
Auburn put her arm through Bowie as they walked down the street to the blacksmith.
A man was just leaving when Bowie and Auburn walked up.
Bowie recognized him as one of the patrons from the inn.
Bowie tipped his hat to the man who nodded back and darted into the next house.
Bowie stepped inside the blacksmith shop, Good afternoon.
I am Sergeant Crescent of the army of the Earth Realm.
I need a few things made while I camp outside the town for a week or so.
The tall, muscular man stepped away from his furnace to face Bowie.
I am no good with weapons or armor.
You had best find yourself a different man.
Bowie followed the man around the anvil and other forgery tools strewn about, I do not need any armor or weapons made Bowie was waving his hand as the blacksmith cut him off.
I have very little to make horseshoes.
I doubt I will be able to get you anything you can need in such a short time.
Bowie took a moment to consider the man.
A businessman would usually try and sell his service, even if he was not sure it would be the quality the customer wanted.
Work was work, and it kept food on the table.
Bowie reached into his money pouch and found three pieces of gold.
He held the gold out for the blacksmith to see.
It is a shame to spend so much money on a simple set of carving tools, but the king said he wanted it.
Bowie put his leather bound kit of arrow making tools out on the table.
I know the king does not get down here to this area of the kingdom very much, but he acquired a set of tools for wood carving and he wanted more to be made.
I was told to have it ready by the time he got to this town.
I would really appreciate it if you would take the king money and give me something that will at least let me keep my head until I get to war.
Auburn squeezed Bowie arm, I feel a bit scared here in your town with all the businesses closed so early.
I did not see any of the king men here, is there a post for those stationed in this town.
The large man eyed the gold pieces but answered Auburn, There has not been any of the king men in this town for a long time.
We have requested men sent out here a few times but even paying our town taxes we get no help.
Bowie tossed the three pieces of gold onto the table and pulled out two more and they joined the pile.
I hope that helps replace the town taxes.
Perhaps while I am here I can see to doing some good for the town.
I could bring more men in and put them to work.
Maybe a few men hunting for food would help as well.
The blacksmith wiped his soot covered hands on his leather vest and cleared his throat.
I do not think the people would take to having the army stay here.
I will make another set of your tools here if you give me a couple days.
I do not think the mayor would dislike me taking the king gold for an honest day work, but just in case, I think we should keep this between us.
Bowie nodded his head and pulled Auburn to the door.
We will be on our way then.
Bowie hurried down the street with Auburn being towed on his arm.
He helped her get on her horse and took one last look around the at the buildings.
Bowie eye caught someone riding down one of the side streets of the town.
He thought it was the man in the leather outfit but was unsure so he said nothing.
Auburn pulled at the dress trying to get her feet in the stirrups.
This dress does not help when in a hurry.
Bowie nodded in agreement and pulled himself into the saddle as Auburn spurred her horse forward.
With everyone in the small town acting so strange, he was glad to be leaving.
Whenever Chit was summoned by the king it was always to do some dirty work.
Sometimes Chit enjoyed the work he was doing, but most of the time it was nothing more than parading around behind the king to add to his intimidation.
He was sure that today was no different.
Chit waited outside until Captain Lorusk was brought out of his tent to present Chit.
The captain was a handler of sorts for Chit.
He kept him on his best behavior, or at least from stepping too far out of line that he would have to be hung for insubordination.
Lorusk came around a tent into Chit is view.
He was always dressed in his polished battle armor.
Chit had been given a set for himself but he chose not to wear it most days.
He thought it was uncomfortable and he did not need metal plates to intimidate people.
The captain did not offer a greeting and walked past Chit without giving a command.
He knew Chit would follow him, and that made Chit angry.
My lord, reporting as ordered.
Chit offered a greeting and bowed at the waist with his fist on his chest.
The king looked up from the scrolls and plates of food on his table to look at the captain and his Champion.
Everyone out.
Gortus, you will stay.
Lorusk and Chit stood their ground as a wave of wizards and scribes left the large tent.
Chit saw in the shadows near the back of the tent sitting on a chair the Kapal that trained Kilen in Deuterium.
The Kapal was dressed in his black spiked armor up to his neck.
Pure white hair flowed down his back to contrast his dark gray skin.
He made no move to get up, he was content in eating his plate full of meat.
The king rounded the table and handed the captain a scroll.
Chit, I have been wanting to talk to you alone for some time now.
The king passed Captain Lorusk to stand close to Chit.
He looked in Chit is eyes and waited for a response that did not come.
You have failed me in your task to defeat Kilen.
Now he is at the heart of the Elder Wizards camp becoming stronger.
You see, they have taken him in as their own.
The king started to pace back and forth, and Lorusk handed Chit the scroll.
Chit is lips moved as he slowly read the words, trying to make out the meaning of the message.
Finally, the captain snatched it out of his hands.
It says that Alexander was an Elder Wizard all along.
Kilen was taken in as a weapon bearer before he left Deuterium.
When Chit still did not understand what was going on the captain kept talking, He reports to the Elder Wizards now.
Thank you, Captain.
Lorusk nodded to the king and stepped to the side.
You see Chit, when you failed me you also gave rise to a new problem.
Kilen already has two elemental marks on his blade.
If he gets a third he will be able to be a king.
The small farm boy from Humbridge will be a king of either the Wind or Water Realm.
What would you like me to do.
Chit was not understanding how he could help.
The king laughed, Train.
All I want you to do is train.
You will train every moment of every day to kill weapon bearers.
You will become an assassin of wizards and weapon bearers to wield at my command.
Chit nodded his head in acceptance.
Good.
After all that is why I invited Gortus.
He going to train you just like he did Kilen, Atmos said.
The Kapal in the corner did not stand, but simply spoke over the king, No.
The king stopped and turned to look at the face still covered by shadow.
You deny me.
Gortus had finished picking the meat off of a bone with pointed teeth and tossed it onto the plate he was eating from.
I will train no one.
I have already trained a human against Kapal customs and look at what it has caused.
Atmos spat as he yelled, You will do as you are told.
Chit was surprised at how suddenly everything unfolded.
Gortus slowly stood from his chair and Lorusk drew his sword and stepped between the Kapal and the king.
Chit, being slow to react, drew his sword and stood beside the captain.
Gortus did not draw his sword but just laughed, You forget why I am here.
You pay me to eliminate magical threats.
Not to train your men.
The pale eyes of the Kapal looked at Chit and the Captian, I would have your men stand down unless you want their entrails on your throne.
The dark skinned man flashed white pointed teeth, stained red from his rare meal, at an attempt to smile.
Lorusk whispered to Chit, Do no let him get his sword free.
Gortus laughed at the Captain instructions to Chit.
The king ignored Gortus threat to his men with swords out.
Why do you refuse to train my men.
The Captain looked at Chit for only a moment but it was long enough.
Gortus grabbed hold of Lorusk sword and twisted it while yanking it to the side.
Lorusk went rolling to the side.
Gortus, now holding Lorusk sword by the blade, blocked Chit is swing and, with his free hand, punched Chit in the throat.
With both men disarmed, he threw the sword to the side and grabbed a new piece of meat off the plate.
I refuse to train them because they are human.
You see, Kilen was untrained and not used to holding a blade.
He was like a baby and I trained him as one.
Those that already know the blade cannot be trained in the way I teach.
They think they already know how to fight, and yet they know nothing.
Your men cannot be trained so, yes, I refuse.
Besides, training is not my job.
My job is to kill those who others cannot touch.
He sat back down, showing his confidence in power over the men.
The king could not use magic while Gortus was near.
When I trained Kilen, it was because I thought he was the human that was prophesied about.
The one that would bring peace and restoration to my people.
I was wrong and now I must live apart from them for my failures.
I will not make the same mistake twice.
The king looked at his two soldiers lying on the ground, one still clutching his throat.
Fine, then your new mission is to kill Kilen.
Gortus grunted and finished chewing the meat in his mouth.
You know I cannot.
He is a weapon bearer of the Elder Wizards.
By the law of my people he is untouchable.
The Elder Wizards saved the Kapal from the Dark Army.
The Elder Wizards and their weapon bearers are out of my reach.
I should kill you for even suggesting it.
Gortus got up and took a step closer to the king.
Atmos took a step back and flexed his muscles, ready to fight empty handed.
Gortus continued to close in on the king and when he was close enough, the king fell to a knee unable to support even his own weight.
The rings and power he had continuously used over the years had taken their toll.
He was unable to stand in his armor with his weakened body.
He breathed hard just trying to stay in a kneeling position.
My time with you is over.
Gortus left the tent and the king magic was restored and allowed him to return to his upright position.
Chit was still choking for air on the ground.
After retrieving his sword, Lorusk pulled Chit to his feet.
How do you want us to proceed, sire.
Lorusk asked the king.
Without looking back at the soldiers, now standing, in his tent he spoke at the tent door Gortus had disappeared through, Train the Champion to kill the weapon bearer.
Lorusk grabbed Chit by the back of the neck and drug him from the king tent.
Chapter Weapon Bearer The camp was usually quiet when the sun came up, but this morning was different.
Auburn fell asleep in the saddle and Bowie had to hold her up.
Bowie and Auburn arrived back at camp late in the night when he handed her off the to watchmen to put to bed.
It was nearly daylight by the time his head hit the pillow.
Bowie awoke to the sounds of shouting from within the camp.
Prying his eyes open he made himself get out from underneath the wool blanket.
The day was already hot and humid, he was sure if he could see the sky there would not be a cloud in it.
He had not taken off his pants or linen shirt the day before, so he splashed a bit of water on his face to wake up.
He rubbed the sporadic stubble on his face and knew he would need to shave soon.
Pulling on his jacket, he went out into the camp to see what the commotion was.
He hoped it was not another fight between Ria and Auburn.
The first soldier that saw him looked surprised.
He wondered if the watchmen forgot to report that he had returned.
He walked through the camp trying to find the source of the commotion.
Bowie cleared the crust from his eyes as he wandered in and out of the sea of green tents.
When he came upon the source of the shouts, he found John pushing others away from a man on the ground.
A hunting party had returned and still had fresh game on their horses.
Bowie caught a couple glimpses before he figured out what was going on.
A man in a leather strapped outfit laid on the ground with an arrow sticking from his shoulder and another sticking from his leg.
Get back.
Bowie shouted.
Everyone turned to see Bowie standing beside the crowd.
John stood straighter as he was trying to keep everyone away from the injured man.
When Bowie got closer he recognized the arrows sticking out of the man, they were made by his company.
He knelt next to the man, seeing fear in his eyes, I am sorry for the injuries.
We will get those arrows out of you and get you fixed up as soon as we can.
Bowie turned to John, How did this happen.
John looked between the man and Bowie, a little hesitant to answer, Our men found him when returning from the hunt.
He was watching the camp so they were able to surprise him.
Bowie looked at John, Send someone to get bandages and fresh water and send another to get Wizard Ria.
John did not move but instead cleared his throat and motioned Bowie to follow.
When they were out of hearing distance John whispered to Bowie.
You know who that is, right.
Bowie looked back at the man still in pain, unsure who he was supposed to be.
I do not recognize him.
He dressed in the same clothes as a fire wizard.
Well, he dressed similarly to Mary, the fire council for the king.
John put his hand on Bowie shoulder, All soldiers from the Fire Realm dress this way.
It took Bowie a moment, but he remembered the man from the inn in town.
He now knew why the town was acting so strangely.
Enemy soldiers were in town.
John recognized the look on Bowie face as one of understanding.
He seen our camp and our numbers.
More scouts may be out there watching us right now.
We have come so far, we are within the Fire Realm vision.
John said as he tried to keep the rest of the soldiers at bay.
There was another in the town.
I met him at the inn and he said he was loyal to the king.
I told him the king would arrive in the next couple weeks.
John took the hat from his head in order to run his hands through his hair.
We need to find a way to stop the scouts from gaining too much information.
He pointed at the man with the arrows sticking from his body, We need to figure out what to do with him.
Most of the men are wanting him killed.
I am trying to convince them he needs to be questioned.
Bowie rubbed the bit of hair he had on his face, watching the man bleed from the arrows his men had managed to stick in him.
Clear out one of the tents and put him in it.
Set a guard outside the tent and one inside.
I do not want him to know what is going on here.
John nodded and started to send men scrambling to complete the tasks.
Bowie walked back to the wounded man and knelt down next to him.
What is your name.
The man said nothing in response.
I was hoping to get to know you a little, but if you will not talk to me that is fine.
I will wait until the scouts return and they will certainly get to know you.
Bowie walked away as John ordered men to take him to the tent.
Bowie saw Tyler keeping fletchers on task so he turned to talk to him.
Tyler, I need you to do two things.
First, double the hunting parties.
Tell them to keep an eye out for any more Fire Realm scouts.
Second, get a range built for training two or three fletchers at a time.
I want every person in this camp to learn to wield a bow as soon as they can.
We may have to go to battle sooner than we thought.
Tyler nodded his head and ran to get the hunting parties organized.
Bowie headed back to the scout tents.
John exited the small tent with a few men carrying the enemy toward the entrance.
Bowie opened the tent flap and got halfway inside before turning back to John.
Show the wizard in when she arrives.
Bowie stepped inside and sat on a stool in the corner.
The guard inside looked at Bowie, unsure what to do.
Bowie motioned him outside with his head.
When the tent closed Bowie removed his hat and scratched his head.
Sorry about the arrows.
My men can get a little excited when they catch the enemy near their camp.
I am glad that it is not one of my barbed arrow tips.
They have small hooks on them making the head sink in further the more you move.
Bowie reached out and tapped the tip of the broken arrow sticking out of the man leg, This one is definitely not barbed.
The man winced in pain and Bowie fought back the urge to wince as well.
Bowie had seen creatures with arrows stuck in them.
He had gutted them.
He had watched as his father stripped them of their skin and cut up their meat.
He, however, had never let one suffer long after putting an arrow in them.
He did not know if he had the stomach for it.
Bowie steeled himself to make an effort at getting answers from the injured man that he now tried to picture as an animal.
If you will not talk, then I will at least tell you who I am.
My name is Sergeant Crescent.
Only a year ago I was a businessman.
You see, I make arrows.
Not just any arrows but the best in the Water and Earth realm.
I was put in charge of a section of recruits during training and formed them into this group.
We are soldiers in the Earth Realm army that specialize in hunting down our enemies.
Whomever they might be.
Bowie pulled an arrow from his quiver and began spinning the arrow, watching the arrowhead sharp edges flicker.
It is no surprise that you have not heard of us before we end up killing most of our prey.
Sometimes they end up killing themselves.
Bowie had never seen anyone torchered, especially with an arrow sticking from them, so he tried to picture the man as a deer.
He knew that was only way to get through this.
Getting answers from our enemies is similar to dressing a deer.
Their body parts are much like a man.
When I use to kill a deer for my father, I would start by removing the gut.
The first thing to do is to make a slit down the middle of the chest and abdomen, all the way to the tail.
Not too deep, mind you.
Just deep enough to get through the skin.
There are two cavities you have to worry about.
The one where the lungs and heart are and the one with the guts and other organs.
A skillful hunter will be able to remove all the organs in the lower cavity while the animal still breaths.
They will be able to keep the meat from getting tainted by the contents of the bowls.
Only the best can do it without making it bleed to death.
Bowie paused and tried to picture what it would be like for the deer.
After those organs are removed, it gets more dangerous.
The deer is probably fighting for its life or realizes it is close to death.
So it is time to put it down.
You spread open the cut you have made on the upper cavity and have to get through the bone.
Bowie stopped talking when Ria and Auburn opened the tent flap.
Auburn had dark circles under her eyes, but she wore a different dress and her hair was up in a bun, much like the one Ria had.
The two women stepped through the door and Ria wasted no time examining the man.
She pulled a small seed from her pocket and dropped it on the ground.
She looked at Bowie and then at the seed.
He knew what he was supposed to do.
Pulling the water skin from his belt, he poured some water on the seed.
It burst open with small green tendrils reaching into the dirt and sky.
The small plant made a sparse amount of leaves and Ria waved Auburn into the tent.
I suppose you have been threatening him.
Ria asked.
We were just having a conversation.
Well, I was talking and he was listening, Bowie said.
Auburn poured a small tea cup full of steaming water and Ria picked a couple leaves from the plant and put them in the water.
Auburn said nothing and waited for Ria cue.
Ria put the cup to the man lips.
Drink this, it will help.
The man watched Bowie and then looked back at the two women offering him the drink.
He took the cup with his good arm and drank the contents.
The man let out a sigh as the hot drink went down his throat.
If you will leave us be a little while, I will get the answers you need Master Crescent.
Ria did not look up from the wound on the man leg while he drank.
Bowie looked confused, I do not think that is good idea.
What if he attacks you.
Ria looked at Bowie as if he had food on his face, I am a wielder of earth magic and this man has two arrows in him.
I think I can care for the two of us.
Besides, the tea I just had him drink is a rare herb, it clouds the mind and numbs the body, and as I told him it will help.
It will definitely help us.
The tea also loosens the tongue.
Ria arched an eyebrow while looking at the injured man.
I am sure he is already feeling the effects of the tea.
Besides, if the tea does not work Ria grabbed the arrow sticking from the man leg and yanked it free.
The man let out a scream that Bowie was sure would wake everyone in camp and maybe alert some outside of camp.
She held the arrow in her hand and inspected the bloody tip.
I have other methods of persuasion.
She turned her back to Bowie.
Leave us.
Auburn gave Bowie a look that said she was scared about what would happen in the tent.
Bowie started to back out of the tent hesitantly.
Ria began soothing the man, Come now, the arrow had to come out one way or another.
John was already standing at the tent is exit when Bowie came out.
What is going on in there.
Bowie ushered him away from the group that was staring at the tent.
Ria is questioning the man.
John looked back over Bowie shoulder to look at the tent.
John, she is a wizard.
She can handle herself with an injured man.
John nodded and Bowie continued on to his own tent with the corporal in tow.
Once inside Bowie took off his hat and tossed it on his cot.
I do not know if I can continue to lead these men, John.
You are more fit for the job.
Fit or not, they follow you.
We all follow you now.
John sat down next to Bowie, I have been in the army for a few years.
I have seen men in charge, and I have seen leaders.
Leaders get respect from their men because of their actions.
Men in charge only get respect by laws, money, and position.
Those men follow you because you have something that makes you different.
You need to find whatever it is that they follow and use it to lead them safely through this battle.
John stopped talking for a moment and just looked at Bowie, What did that man say to you.
Nothing.
He said nothing.
John, I did not even know he was a threat until you told me.
I saw a man in town yesterday and gave him information not knowing he was an enemy.
He could have killed me right there while I ordered a bowl of stew.
He did not.
I will do my best to help you lead these men, but they will not follow me into battle.
John was turning his hat by the brim in his hands as he talked.
Bowie took a moment to think over what John said.
He knew that the only two things he had done were bring his archery skill and business talent with him.
Doubting himself, he hoped he could continue to lead the men with those two talents.
I think it is time I get my hands dirty then.
Some things will change here.
I need you to keep this troop moving and make sure Auburn keeps those fletchers making arrows.
John put his hat on his head and nodded in agreement.
Just as John stood to leave, Ria voice came carrying through the tent flaps with the guard outside stopping Ria and Auburn from entering.
Bowie called out, Let them in.
He stood, offering Ria his stool as she entered.
Auburn went past and settled in on the cot next to John.
How did the herbs work.
Bowie asked.
Ria smoothed her dress covered in vine like stitching, They worked fine.
They are taking his body out of camp now.
Bowie and John both jumped up in shock from where they sat.
Auburn sat with her head down and Ria acted as if nothing had happened.
Bowie did not know what to say, so John spoke in his silence, How did he die.
He died from the poison I gave him.
Neither of you were able to finish him and we will not be able to cart along an enemy without him dying from the hands of one of the soldiers.
I did what you two could not bring yourself to.
The words rolled off Ria tongue as if she had done them a favor.
John was furious, We were trying to question him.
Bowie put a hand on John shoulder to try and calm him down.
Auburn spoke while still looking down, He answered all of her questions.
He said he was a scout for the Fire Realm.
He said he was to report the sighting of our army to his troops.
They were supposed to attack us in small groups, killing as many of us as they could.
Auburn looked up at Bowie, He was informed of our position by one of his troops in town.
Bowie nodded his head in understanding, I caused this.
I gave our position away and put our men in danger.
He slammed his hand down on the desk.
He was expecting someone to console him, to tell him it was not his fault.
Ria stood and patted her lap, Well, at least you are able to admit when you did something wrong.
She started to head for the tent flap to leave.
Bowie put a hand on her shoulder.
I will need bows very quickly.
Ria curtsied and bowed her head, I will get started as soon as possible.
She left the tent and Bowie went right to work with the papers on his desk.
John, you are in charge of the camp now.
I will be spending most of my time out with the hunting parties.
Auburn, I need the production of arrows doubled or tripled.
We will need those arrows completed as soon as possible.
Take any man that is idle in the camp and put him to work.
Auburn accepted the assignment but John face turned red with frustration, You cannot put yourself in danger like that Sargeant.
I am in charge and you will do as I command.
John jaw clenched as he stared at Bowie in defiance.
If you will not stay, then I will choose the men that ride at your side so you do not get yourself killed.
John left and Auburn remained seated on the bed, smoothing the purple dress she had acquired from Ramos.
You still have to keep your end of the deal.
She said quietly, as if she thought she would not get her wish.
Bowie sighed, he had forgotten the promise he had made her.
Yeah, I will keep my promise.
Go and get ready and I will give you a lesson before I ride out.
Despite her sunken, sleep deprived eyes, her expression brightened.
She giggled and left the tent.
Bowie changed his jacket to a deep green to match the moss clinging to the trees in the forest.
He strung his new bow and tied a quiver to his hip.
The camp was already in a flurry and no one would stop to look Bowie in the eye.
He knew they thought he had given the order to kill the man.
He had indirectly taken responsibility for killing a man.
At least it was not one of his.
He continued through the swarm of men moving in all directions to complete tasks given by John and Auburn.
Bowie found his way to the makeshift range Tyler had been directed to set up.
It currently consisted of wood logs with a couple rings of paint.
He knew it would improve.
He pulled an arrow from his quiver.
The new bow was stiff and took a lot more effort to pull.
The distinctive twang of the string being released helped calm Bowie nerves.
He emptied his quiver and went to retrieve them from the log.
When he turned around he saw a woman with a man linen shirt on and wool breeches.
Auburn had braided her hair, it now fell over her shoulder just as Bowie did most days.
She was stringing a bow.
The pants were tight and did not fit right, but she definitely stopped Bowie in his tracks.
She smiled at him and his mind returned from wherever it had been.
You can shoot a bow in a dress, you know.
He moved to stand a couple of feet away from her.
I know, but if I am to join you on a hunt, I will need to be wearing something I can ride a horse better in.
You will not be going hunting with me.
Auburn set her jaw and put one hand on her now prominently displayed hip.
You said you would teach me how to use a bow.
Shooting at a log is one thing, but shooting at an animal or person is totally different.
Bowie removed his hat as Auburn stretched her bow string a few times testing her strength.
You cannot expect me to take you hunting for the Fire Realm while you are still trying to learn to shoot.
Of course not, She laughed.
I expect you to teach me to shoot at the log first.
Bowie did not know what say.
He figured he would leave this battle for a day when he had a full night is sleep.
He gave in.
The release is the most crucial part of archery.
When holding the string, use only the very tips of your fingers so the string does not roll along your fingers when you release.
Breath while trying to aim your arrow, letting go of the string between breaths.
There is a short pause in your breath, that is when your aim is the most steady.
Try it, He said while exaggerating his breathing and the pause.
Auburn flipped her braided tail of hair off her shoulder.
She pulled the string back with a nocked arrow and Bowie stepped closer to her.
He held her forward hand to steady her draw and help her look down the shaft of the arrow.
She smiled, then giggled.
What.
He questioned.
She slowly let the string tension relax and looked at him, Do you hold all of your trainee hands, or just the pretty ones.
Thrown off guard, Bowie took a step back and cleared his throat.
Just, uhm.
Just shoot it and I will help you make improvements.
Auburn giggled and took a couple of shots before she truly felt the weight of the tension on the bowstring.
He coached her on how to improve her aim, but her strength began to fail and she could not pull the string back.
I will see you tomorrow morning for another lesson.
If your arm can manage by then, He said.
Bowie walked away to find John and his hunting party, leaving Auburn to prepare for her woman lessons.
He was glad that Auburn would not be joining him for a while.
Her arms would have to build muscle in order shoot consistently, and then he would still have to train her to be accurate.
Bowie was nearly trampled when a group of archers ran through the camp carrying black bow staffs, three or four in each hand.
Ria had begun her work and was keeping up her end of the bargain.
He hoped he would be keeping his.
That part of the promise was all up to the red haired girl.
John was just as excited to see the wizard grown bows coming to his hunting party.
Tyler and a few other faces Bowie recognized where mounting horses.
Charger awaited Bowie near the front.
A lump grew in his stomach, he was worried that not all of the hunting party would return from this hunt.
Kilen reached down into his shirt and pulled out his father rings.
The rings made his training easier by giving him energy throughout the night.
He gently placed them in a leather pouch beside the bed and sat up.
The stone floor was always cold and refreshing to his warm feet.
He pulled on his boots and smelled the cooked eggs and bread already on the table.
The house was empty, Kilen had heard Ray leaving before the sun had come over the horizon.
Schedules were almost nonexistent in this town.
At least none that the wizards or weapon bearers held him to.
The lack of schedule made it hard to get out of bed.
He had nowhere special to be and no sense of urgency to finish a job.
His only responsibility was to prepare himself for whatever answer the wizards gave him.
He had been thinking about it for days and wondered if the wizards were waiting to give him an answer dependent upon the one he gave them.
Whether or not he wished to be named a true weapon bearer, Kilen knew that if he did not give them an answer, then they would not have time to stop the impending battle.
He decided his only choice was to become what they wanted and protect not just his sister, but everyone in the Earth Realm army.
The room was empty so he spoke aloud to the men inside his mind.
What do you guys think I should do.
Joahna was always first to give his opinion, I think you are overthinking it.
The choice is a win for everyone.
You will get your dream of being able to roam the realms in search of knowledge.
The world will gain a true weapon bearer, a man who seeks justice for the world.
We also get to look for a way to get our bodies back.
Max said, Being a weapon bearer is an honor I have always wanted.
If I have to be inside your head to do it, I will do my best to live the standard from in here.
Jace had a very proud feeling associated with his words.
Then it is decided.
I will tell Ray today that I will be a weapon bearer.
Kilen ate his breakfast while the others talked in his head about getting into the wizard library as soon as possible.
They wanted to research how to get into new bodies.
They talked about the first thing they wanted to eat or drink once they were out of the prison that was his mind.
I am sorry you all have not been able to be elementals for the last couple weeks.
As soon as we are out of here you can resume your forms.
The men said nothing in return, but their emotions told him they knew it was not his fault.
Kilen picked up his sword and strapped it on.
He made his way through the misty village to the place where he practiced with Ray.
Ray was waiting as normal, straightening the small area from the previous day practice.
Kilen helped pick up some broken pieces of practice swords.
He knew that a wizard had come in the night and grew new sparring weapons for them to use.
Everyone here worked together for the good of all, just like Leroy family in Keepers.
When the wooden shards were clear Ray picked up two, ready to start training for the day but Kilen came forward with empty hands.
I have made a decision.
Ray lowered the two swords, What is your decision then.
I am going to be a true weapon bearer.
Kilen stood straighter as he said it.
Ray face went from serious to a huge grin behind red facial hair.
Let is go tell the wizards then.
Ray held up his hand for Kilen to lead the way even though Kilen did not know which wizard lived in which building.
I am glad you have chosen the way you did.
You have the potential to become a great weapon bearer.
If you can treat each person you meet as you would your friends and family, you just might fulfill that potential.
Ray stopped Kilen outside a house with white stones and a small chimney.
The Elders should be inside.
I will be here when you get out.
Kilen nodded to Ray and made his way up the cobblestone path to the door.
I would knock.
Ray called from the path.
The statement sounded ominous and made a lump rise in Kilen throat.
Max pushed courage at Kilen emotions, We are here with you.
You are making the right choice for us all.
Kilen knocked on the door and stood holding his hand up, unsure if he had knocked hard enough.
A man voice called out from inside, Come in, Kilen.
Before he could enter the tiny home, and a young woman in white robes stepped out of the house.
She did not look at Kilen or acknowledge him in any way.
He watched her walk the path to the road where she waved at Ray.
I assume you have come to a decision.
Kilen turned back to the old wizard and saw that a wizard in blue robes was offering him a seat.
Kilen sat down and took a drink of the wine sitting on the table.
I have decided that I am a weapon bearer, Kilen said in his most confident voice.
The old wizard smiled, Indeed you are.
The wizard got up from his seat and put a blue cylinder on the fire.
Soon, blue smoke was coming from the cylinder and rising up the chimney.
The wizard then grabbed a book off the shelves and started to flip through its pages until he found the one he wanted.
He set the book down in front of Kilen.
It was a list of names and blank spaces for new names to be written down.
The wizard picked up a bottle of ink and a quill handing it to Kilen.
Kilen looked down at the list and read a few of the names and one was Ray.
There had only been two true weapon bearers added to the list since Ray.
Kilen knew he was joining a select few people in the world.
He felt proud, and wished his mother and friends could be there to share his moment.
He dipped the quill in the ink as the door burst open to admit a couple of women who clapped quietly at arriving in time to see Kilen sign.
Kilen turned back to paper awaiting ink and placed the quill against the paper.
Once again, Kilen was interrupted.
no one said anything as Alex shut the door and came to sit beside Kilen.
He finally put the quill to the paper and signed his name to the list.
The old wizard took the book and blew on it to dry.
More wizards of every element came to join them in the tiny house.
Blue smoke still billowed up the chimney.
The only reason Kilen could see for this was to announce his decision.
Finally, after all had congratulated Kilen, a few remained to listen to the old wizard words.
Now that you have signed and taken the commitment of being a weapon bearer, we can give you the direction you seek.
We, however, are not allowed to tell you what to do.
I did seek knowledge when I came here, but really my mission was to get you to help fight a war.
Kilen was looking between Alexander and the Elder Wizard.
We will not help with this war.
In order for the Elder Wizards to act, the requesting realm must follow the elemental realm laws set forth by the realm creators.
King Atmos blatantly breaks those laws.
We will not act.
If you think there is justice to be served or a war to be prevented then you may choose to prevent the war yourself.
You, are after all, a weapon bearer, the old wizard said, closing the book.
Kilen was possibly more angry than he had ever been before.
My friends and sister lives are depending on you preventing this war.
Kilen, you had to know in your heart there was no way for the Elders to participate.
We are the only ones that keep King Atmos from conquering all the realms.
The old wizard sat in a wooden chair across from Kilen.
We will give you all the knowledge that you will need to stop this war.
The Elders have known it to be a priority of yours.
We also know it to be a just cause to prevent war and the destruction it would cause.
We are unable to prevent this war, but you can do what we cannot.
I am just a kid from Humbridge, what can I do.
The old wizard slowly stood.
The room seemed to dim and a cold breeze blew through and ruffled the flames.
The wizard said nothing so Alex did.
You are a kid no longer.
You are a weapon bearer.
If your family and friends are in danger by an unjust cause, then it is your duty to fix it.
Kilen did not know what he could do to prevent the war.
The voices in his head were quiet and listening to the whispers of all the wizards that had come to watch him sign.
We will leave you two to talk.
Perhaps he can help you find a way to stop this war.
Alexander gave Kilen a pat on the back and left with the other wizards.
When the door was closed and only the old wizard and Kilen were left to stand in the room, he finally introduced himself.
My name is Roedan.
I am a wizard of the original Elders.
I come from the late days of Heathmos.
I can help you find a way to prevent this war.
Roedan walked to a cabinet and pulled out an item wrapped in a velvet cloth.
I would like you to use this for a while, Kilen.
He slid the package across the table.
Kilen hesitantly pulled back the velvet cloth to reveal a tiny dagger and sheath.
The sheath was lined with black studs and had a black chainger to match.
Kilen took the tiny blade from the sheath and saw that it had an imbuement of wind.
I know you have a rare talent.
You have the ability to use multiple elementals at the same time and that is how you will prevent this war.
War is a struggle for power between two forces.
In this war you will be a third power.
Just as you now have a third element to summon.
To prevent it from happening you must show the world that there are more dangerous things to worry about than a war between realms.
You want me to use three elementals at once.
I want you to be a force for good and justice.
I want you to gain respect by showing restraint of power where two rulers would not.
Kilen let the words sink in as he put the small blade in his belt and attached the chainger.
Try it now.
Kilen looked up in confusion.
He had not been able to manipulate any elements since being in the wizard camp.
All of the Elder Wizards had put such a tight magical hold on the elements that he could not hold them.
Kilen closed his eyes and found that there were small amounts of elements open to his use around the room in small disc like pans.
We are ready, Kilen.
Joahna said.
Soon, Joahna took form as a small man of water and Max took form as a man of sand.
Kilen had a hard time thinking of wind as an element that could be formed.
He struggled with the wind coming from the window but finally Jace was whisking about near the fireplace, stirring up dust.
A goblet got knocked over and a book pages turned as Jace moved about the room.
Kilen opened his eyes and found himself staring into those of the wizard across the table.
Roedan looked at each elemental slowly in turn as if examining them for some hint of Kilen ability.
Have you ever heard of the Dark Army.
The question caught Kilen off guard.
He wondered if Roedan was trying to find out if he was a soul or spirit wizard.
None of the voice were in Kilen head to help him figure out what to say.
His friends in elemental forms around the room seemed to stiffen at the mention of the Dark Army.
Kilen cleared the lump in his throat, I read the book when I was little.
I am not sure anyone has not heard the scary stories about the Dark Army snatching kids in the night.
Roedan smiled, Well, they do not typically snatch children in the night.
However they are not just stories.
The Dark Army is very real.
You mean was real.
Roedan shook his head, No, I mean they are real.
Long ago, when we found out about soul wizards, we requested weapon bearers go to invite them to a meeting for joining us.
The weapon bearers returned as a mere husk of their former selves.
None of the men would think on their own or cared for their own well being.
They simply handed a written scroll to Heathmos that thanked him for sending them soldiers.
The former weapon bearers then attacked the wizards and were able to kill seven of them before they were stopped.
Kilen was not sure what to say.
He knew he held the consciousness of the men he had killed, but he was not able to control their former bodies.
What happened to their mind.
How would a soul wizard be able to turn them against you.
Roedan seemed pleased to have Kilen ask questions, We found out how they were able to do this years later.
We captured one of the soul wizards.
Kilen interrupted the wizard, There was more than one.
Three, actually.
We were able to find and execute two of them.
The third we have been trying to track for years but the wizard is very slippery.
The first one we captured described their powers as god like.
They would consume their victims spirit, leaving the soul in the body.
The power of the spirit would fuel the soul wizard body, granting the ability to control their own age and health.
Instead of aging, the soul wizard consumes a spirit forcing the husk like body to age twice or three times as much.
Like their age, they can also siphon off the health of the body from their victims.
How do you stop someone who commands an undead army and can heal from injuries by killing one of their soldiers.
Kilen was starting to shake, knowing there was still at least one soul wizard out in the world.
He still was not sure if he was one or not.
You must stop the heart or take the head of the soul wizard.
I will tell you this Kilen, if you find one it is better to just flee and find others to help.
Kilen nodded his head, trying to get a handle on what he had just learned.
Joahna spoke from the elemental form, now matching Kilen features.
How does the soul wizard take their victim spirit.
Roedan turn his head to look at the elemental and then back to Kilen.
Their spirit is given willingly.
I know this is hard to understand but human emotions are very complicated and the soul wizards have found a vulnerability most would overlook.
The stories about the Dark Army came from how cruel the soul wizards were.
They would bring a husband and wife before the wizard and threaten to kill one.
Their spouse would volunteer anything to save their loved one life.
They would even volunteer their own soul.
Once they gave up their soul, the other would be persuaded.
Then, both of the victims bodies would be used to collect more families and more victims.
The entire Dark Army was built in this fashion.
The wizard was looking around at the different elements, not sure which one to talk directly to since Kilen was staring at the table.
Kilen still did not know if he was a soul wizard or not.
He never tried to consume a spirit, adjust his age, or heal using someone else body.
He had not tried to rip the soul from someone either.
I hear you were trained by a Kapal.
The changed subject helped Kilen snap out of his thinking trance.
I was trained by Gortus.
He is a Kapal.
I did not finish my training, though.
Gortus is a Kapal with a great destiny.
He mentioned something about his destiny once as he was yelling at me.
Kilen could use a little help understanding Gortus as well.
Gortus is the son of the Kapal leader.
Their chief.
Their prophets say that the son of the chief is to bring a balance back to their race.
He is to make them human again, Roedan said.
The Kapal were human once.
Kilen was very interested in the Kapal history, so much that he forgot his worries of being a soul wizard.
Yes, well the father of the first Kapal was human.
The mother was a human who was defiled by a soul wizard by giving her spirit to save the husband while she was pregnant with his child.
The baby was a Kapal.
We took in the Kapal and father but as you know, we could not use magic around the child.
His father took him away from humans and eventually a new race, civilization, and customs were born.
So the soul wizards created the Kapal.
Yes, that is correct.
They told me you were a quick student and wanted to be a scholar.
I am telling you this not only because it is knowledge that not everyone knows, but because the third soul wizard is making another army.
Recently we have had reports of the dead walking through the Water and Earth Realms headed for the Wind realm.
We suspect that is where the soul wizard is sending its army.
Unfortunately, we have not been able to get a wizard in and out of its borders since the reports started.
Even wind wizards are unable to get the information.
The Elders here are creating a plan to find and kill the third soul wizard.
You can not help stop this, because of the soul wizard.
Kilen said slowly.
Roedan put his finger on the tip of his old nose.
What happens if the Dark Army comes back.
Kilen asked.
Then we will call upon all weapon bearers, true or not, to come and fight with us.
We will send Elders to the edges of the realms to gather all wizards to fight with us.
Kilen nodded his head, Can the Dark Army be effected by magic, or are they like the Kapal.
Magic can touch the dark army.
You have to remember that magic is what sustains their link to the soul wizard.
Without that link, their army would simply die.
Actually, the reason we were able to capture the other two soul wizards was because of the Kapal.
They were not affected by their minions strength in magic.
Once the Kapal went near the soul wizards, they were just like other humans unable to regenerate or manipulate their age.
You see Kilen, the soul wizards have provided the tool that will be their undoing.
Kilen was confused about what tool Roedan spoke of.
If you kill the Dark Army one person at a time, does that mean the soul wizard will slowly die.
Not necessarily.
They can transfer wounds from one soldier to the other, and transfer age the same way.
The only way that a soldier body can be stopped is to behead them or place something in the heart that prevents it from healing.
The last time we faced the Dark Army, we would see the soldiers take a wound and it would heal before we could swing a second time.
We know now that soldiers we could not see were falling to the wounds we inflicted to the ones that we were fighting, but at the time the soldiers were seemingly unstoppable.
This is the reason the Kapal people were so instrumental in the Dark Army downfall.
Kilen was starting to get brave with his questioning as the wizard seemed very open with his answers, Are there other dangers out there like the Kapal, Dark soldiers, and soul wizards.
Roedan features darkened and he got up from the table.
With his back to Kilen as he tossed another log on the fire, he spoke in somber tones, We will give you the knowledge you need when you need it and not before.
When the time comes to teach you of the other evils of this world, we will send you that knowledge.
Right now, what you need is to be on your way.
Alexander has reported to me that your friend Bowie now leads the king army advancement.
He has already traveled to within the Fire Realm reach.
If you are to prevent this war, you must travel swiftly to arrive in time.
Ray will have your things packed and a map for you.
You should travel along the eastern shore line beyond the mountains.
It will be the fastest way to travel to the battle.
Go there and seek out Elric Rekkan, King of the Fire Realm.
He possesses the only authority to stop this war.
All of the tiny elementals started for the door.
Kilen took one look back at the old wizard who still seemed shaken by the things he had seen in the past.
Chapter Control of the Wind Max was hard at work not only carrying Kilen but moving obstacles from their way as he carved the way forward.The path was free of stone and bush as Kilen rode up the new mountain pass.
It looked as though the mountain itself had made the path.
Alexander flew high in the sky, followed by Joahna in his normal ice eagle form.
Jace was not present in Kilen head but he could feel Jace nearby in the breeze that touched his skin.
He felt as though eyes were watching him from the forest.
The mountain seemed easy to climb for Max, as trees blurred in Kilen vision from the speed at which they traveled.
They neared the peak as Alexander dropped from the sky and Joahna followed.
Max continued to climb until Kilen saw the wind wizard standing in a clearing near the top.
Max trotted to a stop in front of him and Kilen dismounted.
The wind wizard came near and placed a map in Kilen hand.
Do not get lost.
I marked the path on the map.
It will take you dangerously close to a pirate outpost named Kesterton.
Pirates have wizards of their own and keep knowledge to themselves.
They do not like anyone who lives on dry land.
Kesterton is a place where ships amass and trades are made.
Do not go near the city unless you have to, Alexander cautioned.
I will do my best to avoid them.
Is there anything else I need to know.
Alexander nodded and said, Bowie has neared the area where battle lines will be drawn.
He has no idea he has come into the enemies reach.
The longer it takes you to get to the battle, the more danger he is in.
I will get there as fast as possible.
I know you will, Kilen.
I will go ahead and fly to him now.
He will be informed of your coming as quickly as the winds allow me.
Alexander began to let go of the flaps on his robe but Kilen put out a hand.
Alexander, do not forget to teach him to use his imbuement.
Alexander shoulders slumped and he finally nodded his head.
It takes a very long time to learn to use wind magic the way I do.
I will do my best.
Alexander took flight, speeding towards the south.
All three of Kilen elemental friends took the form of man and gathered themselves around him.
The Ice man spoke first, I will take the air and scout in front of you.
We are very proud to be standing at your side, Kilen.
When we get to the battle, we can help you prevent this war by talking with the Fire Realm king.
Joahna was speaking seriously as he normally did.
Max and I will be able to convince him to turn his army back.
Now that you are a weapon bearer, perhaps you can arrange for the Fire Realm water canal.
Max stepped in, It is time for him to know, Joahna.
You need to tell him who we are.
Kilen became confused.
He knew who they were, or so he thought.
The two Fire Realm men had kept a secret from Kilen.
They had been hiding things from him since the start.
Joahna sighed, You are right, Max.
Kilen, in our realm, the king is chosen for his skills in battle.
He is chosen for his ability to lead and his ability to control himself while using imbued magical items.
I taught Elric Rekkan to control himself since he was a small child.
Elric and his brother were students of mine for a long time.
Kilen calmed a little now that he knew it was only the secret of Joahna being his teacher.
Max continued, We are his brothers, Kilen.
Joahna is the oldest, Elric is the youngest.
I taught him the sword while Joahna taught him control.
You cannot have any two people better to convince him to stop this war.
Joahna made a sound of clearing this throat, but Kilen knew they had no need to clear their elemental throats.
We have to convince him it is us first.
He will not understand without great difficulty why we come in elemental form.
If he comes to know it is truely us, then we will stand a chance.
He will also figure out that I killed you, Kilen retorted.
Max nodded his head, We know him better than you, Kilen.
We lost and died in a perfectly fair fight and that is something he will understand.
You were the better warrior.
He will understand, and if not, we will make him.
Kilen took a moment before replying to the elemental men he was seemingly stuck with.
He understood why they would keep this from him at first, but revealing it only when they were forced to made him lose trust in them.
You know all of my secrets whether I want you to or not.
You must not keep secrets from me if we are going to trust each other.
If I cannot trust the voices in my head, then I can no longer trust myself.
The elementals all nodded and the whirlwind that was Jace moved forward.
I cannot begin to tell you the secrets that I know.
You will have to trust us enough to know we will let you know that the secrets we reveal are secrets that are relevant to the now.
Jace was curt and to the point.
There is not time to be arguing about this right now.
We have a war to prevent.
The wind that was Jace vanished and the leaves and dirt stirred up by his presence slowly fell to the ground.
Max melted his stone form from a man into horse and moss sprouted from his back.
Joahna took to the sky as a small white bird who no one would take a second look at.
Kilen mounted and took his place as his legs sunk halfway into Max body.
With the two melded together, Max began his sprint down the eastern side of the mountain.
Kilen truly enjoyed the time with the wind in his face.
The sound of the stone hooves on the mountain side gave him time to think of the things he had not had time for.
He was happy for the few moments without others inside of his head.
He wished hed done things differently.
Kilen wished, most of all, that he could have said goodbye to his sister and mother the way he had wanted to.
He hoped to leave his home town in search of wisdom, but only in his wildest dreams had he thought he would be able to see Deuterium.
He never thought of picking up a blade and shield, or fighting in a war.
He wondered what his father would think of him being a true weapon bearer.
He wondered if he had what it took to become what everyone wanted him to be.
He knew when this war was over he would have to master the way of the sword and magic the skills worthy of being called a weapon bearer.
He mostly depended on the voices in his head to make up what he lacked on the battlefield.
He hoped it would be enough to survive one interaction with the Fire Realm king.
Max was soon turning south at the bottom of the mountain.
He lept over streams and fallen tree limbs and through underbrush blocking his path.
Kilen knew that was the advantage to riding an elemental horse.
Max did not need to sleep, eat, drink, or even catch his breath.
As long as Kilen could stay upright in the saddle, Max would race south towards the battle ground.
Kilen checked the map often, giving out the next landmark for Max to look out for.
Together they would run through unfamiliar territory, awaiting the word of danger from Jace or Joahna.
Looking at the map, Kilen calculated the time it would take to reach Kesterton.
As time passed, Kilen was more sure that when he reached Kesterton, nightfall would have taken him.
He knew that if he did not have to carry the armor and weapons, he would reach the battle sooner.
He wondered how far Alexander had traveled by now.
Bowie remembered the last time he truly hunted.
This was different.
For one thing his prey could now shoot arrows back, or worse, magic.
He watched the trees and brush for any movement.
There was no escape from the hunters at Bowie disposal, they tracked each sound no matter how big or small.
Each time he closed in he had his bow pulled as tight as the string would allow.
His heart raced and pounded in his chest.
The strategy of catching men had changed his idea of hunting.
He remembered the first time he fired an arrow at another human.
He was not given a choice.
It was either kill the wizard or his friend would die.
He hoped the choice would be just as clear when faced with shooting the enemy in the days to come.
He was now a half day ride from camp with one hundred of his men.
Those men were spread out in a line spaced so they could just see the eyes of the man to their left and to their right.
Each man walked towards the camp with arrows ready.
If an enemy tried to run, they would run towards Bowie camp and towards a set of archers waiting at its perimeter.
A second set of men was placed where they now started their march to set up a new camp.
More and more men would be sent out into the forest at a half day ride from the last.
Each day the camp would move forward, getting fresh hunts and fresh minerals for Ria.
And getting closer to the enemy.
The danger would grow and more men would be placed in danger every time the sun rose.
Bowie men were setting up camp as wagons full of supplies made their way up the road.
Ria and Auburn had taken to traveling together for lessons on grace and etiquette and he was glad for the reprieve from the women.
Bowie had caught very little sleep in the last couple days.
His mind was awake and alert but his body was tired and sore.
He wanted to rest.
He wanted to eat a turkey leg and some beans while sitting beside his father hearth in Humbridge.
He knew it would not happen and if he did not stay upright, it may never happen again.
Still, what pushed Bowie was not that he would have a cot to sleep on and full stomach when he returned to camp, but the ethics of his father.
Work hard everyday for what it will earn you in the years to come.
Bowie heard a snap in the trees in front of him.
He was unsure how far ahead the snap happened but every man crouched and waited for more sounds.
He looked to the men on each side and both were intently watching the area in front of them.
The large trees covered with an earthen curtain of hanging moss made it hard to see anything on the other side.
With soft and slow movements Bowie moved forward on practiced feet, silently walking through the moss covered forest.
With his toe he brushed any leaves aside to reveal what lay underneath.
Once the path was clear he placed his heel in the open spot and rolled his foot to his toe and repeated each step as he walked.
The men kept low, waiting on his word to advance.
His bow was half drawn to allow for a faster shot.
Bowie had to watch his step when reaching his legs over roots sticking out of the ground.
Finally, Bowie could see through the blanket of moss hanging down.
The movement was slow, quiet and low to the ground.
Bowie would have ridden right past had he been hunting on his own.
He was glad to have his men spread out and take the time to walk the distance between camps.
If not, the threat would have gone unnoticed.
Bowie pulled the bow back to its full strength, taking notice of the creaking coming from the bow string.
He held his position waiting for noises that said he had given himself away.
He was not sure if he could hear anything over the sounds his body was making.
Bowie heart pounded in his ears and his breath sounded like a cyclone.
He wondered if the movement on the other side of the moss could hear him also.
He could hear a small scratching sound on the other side of the moss.
The sound was like an arrowhead being sharpened on stone.
He was sure his presence was unknown to the person on the other side.
Slowly, using the arrow point, he cut into the moss hanging in front of him.
He pushed the moss aside to reveal a beaver with its claws scratching a stone as it chewed through the root of the massive tree.
Bowie let out a heavy breath and released the arrow, pinning the beaver to the ground.
He slumped to the ground and the other men advanced to keep the line with Bowie.
Bowie finally moved down to the beaver resting place and relieved him of his arrow.
He placed the beaver in the sack he brought for carrying game.
Bowie could hear his men talking amongst themselves.
He stood to look and saw them waving him in as they gathered.
Finally, it was time to get some rest.
The men who traveled for over a day with him were greeted by those guarding the perimeter of the camp.
Each had a bow drawn until they recognized the faces underneath the brim of the black hat.
Bowie walked through the camp and tossed the dead beaver to a soldier to prepare it in a stew.
He found his way to Ria wagon and knocked gently on the door.
Ria voice called out for him to come inside.
Bowie removed his hat and opened the door.
Auburn and Ria were having tea at the small table inside.
Wizard Ria, we have returned.
I just wanted to thank you again for preparing the bows for my men.
They were a great help in catching game.
Bowie held up his bow.
I presume you will be leaving soon for the forward camp.
he asked when Ria said nothing in return.
Ria waved him in and Auburn pulled her seat out for him to sit.
Master Crescent, sit and have some tea, Ria said.
He knew better than to refuse her, whether invitation or command.
We have been in much discussion about where we are needed.
Auburn has convinced me that we should do as you ask and proceed to the forward camp.
You agree.
Bowie said as he blew some of the heat off of his cup of tea.
We do, archer.
Auburn said, standing behind him.
Most of my fletchers are already moving towards the camp to set up for fletching there.
After you get some rest you will be joining us at the next camp.
We knew we would not be able to really talk to you until you had a chance to rest.
Ria chimed in, You are planning on getting some rest, right.
Bowie looked at the two women who seemed so concerned with his sleep and well being.
He was sure this is what it felt like to have a mother.
Yes, I am going to get some sleep.
As soon as I am rested I will be moving the last of the camp forward.
Auburn, you will have to wait for your archery lesson until after I arrive there.
She smiled and placed a hand on his shoulder then quickly retracted after Ria gave her a look.
She cleared her throat, I will not be needing your lessons as much anymore.
John and Tyler have been more than adequate in fulfilling your end of the bargain.
I am making improvements in archery.
Bowie nodded his head, pleased that the others were able to convince her to let them teach her.
Ria, is there anything you need from me or my men.
Ria smiled at Bowie.
He knew she thought he was learning his manners.
No, thank you.
I will be able to produce one more batch of arrow shafts and a few more bows before leaving this place.
Auburn will be watching over me as I rest.
Bowie nodded and finished the last of his tea.
He was already feeling tired from the warming effect the tea had.
Auburn, how many arrows do we have now.
he asked.
He wanted to make sure he wrote it down so he could send a report to the king as soon as a scout came through the camp.
She smiled, We have made eight thousand in the last week.
John was able to retrieve your tools from the blacksmith.
He had already made half of the tools and said he would pick up the other half when they arrived at the camp nearest town.
Once we have those we will be able to make a quite a bit more.
Bowie tapped his fingers on the small table.
Eight thousand is ahead of schedule.
As long as we do not run into trouble we should be able to get the rest made before this battle begins.
Ria spoke in an ominous tone, This battle has already begun, Master Crescent.
The landscape drifted by as Alexander found himself in his favorite place in the world.
The sky was the only place he could truly be himself.
He had no expectations or responsibilities to anyone when in flight.
Alexander used the extra long flaps on his robe to glide in a desired direction to save energy.
Once the descent was finished he would then use magic to swell the pockets sewn in the arms to lift him back into the sky.
Using magic in this fashion allowed him to fly for extended periods with little magic use.
Alexander pushed his mind to remain on one topic at a time but the combination of open sky and magic brought up new topics in his head unexpectedly.
Kilen was the biggest priority at the moment.
It was possible the fate of all the elemental realms depended on the boy stopping these two realms from killing one another before another dark army threatened their existence.
He pictured the boy riding the earthen horse to the top of the mountain.
Kilen seemed to baffle everyone with his skill at maintaining elementals and keeping his mind about his physical body.
He was a rarity in the world and the Elder Wizards would use his talent and ignorance to do their bidding.
Alexander promised himself that he would allow it as long as it was just and the boy was in relative safety.
Alexander mind wandered at the thought of Kilen and elementals.
He wondered if he would be able to walk beside his elemental if he had practiced more.
Wind wizards rarely found a reason to use a wind elemental.
Their bodies could not fly while in elemental form unless they were very practiced at it.
Alexander had used his in a couple situations to listen in on conversations at windows.
Each time he saw Kilen walking beside one of his, he wished he had taken the time to practice the skill.
He reached the bottom of his descent and began climbing into the sky once more.
He liked feeling the wind lift him into the air.
The vision of the wind magic swirling under his robes pockets lifting him was something he thought was exhilarating.
He prided himself in using the most efficient magic practices to lift himself.
He was paying close attention to the swirling wind in his makeshift wings and knew he would readjust his direction when he started to glide his way down.
Halfway to the peak of his climb, the air ceased to exist.
Alexander snapped out of his daydream and scrambled to grasp at the air pushing his ascent.
Alexander was falling towards the earth with no wind to slow him.
He searched and found wind he could control but was unable to push it near his own body.
Alexander knew exactly what it meant.
Another wind wizard was attacking him.
Straining his neck, he turned in the air to see the form of a man growing in size as he hurdled towards him and the ground.
Mica was flying low to the tree tops far below Alexander.
His own protege was cleaving his link to the wind.
Alexander dealt with the young wizard on many occasions.
He knew this time Mica would do whatever it took to win the match.
This was not a practice match but a match to the death.
Instead of trying to overcome the hold that Mica placed on the air surrounding himself, he knew it was better to distract Mica by attacking the air around the young wizard.
Instead of removing the wind from underneath Mica, Alexander pushed the air down on top of him.
Mica plummeted and struck a tree branch.
In his attempt to stop Alexander counter attack Mica released the hold on the wind Alexander had been using.
Wind returned to its natural place beneath the folds in Alexander robes.
He regained his flight and used magic to protect the wind keeping hold of what he used to fly.
Looking between his feet, he saw a bloody faced Mica racing to catch up.
Mica had lost his element of surprise and now stood little to no chance at winning against the stronger, wiser wizard.
Alexander raced ahead in the flight, keeping the advantage.
The wizard in front in a fight of speed racing over the land was much like a normal man having the high ground.
It took an effort to keep up and he had to deal with the entropy the leading wizard caused in the wind.
The closer he flew to the leading wizard, the more obstacles there would be.
Alexander, having been interrupted in the glory of climbing to the heights of birds, was irritated with Mica more than he was angry.
Alexander knew the young wizard was only doing what he thought was right by killing him.
He was protecting those he thought were doing the most good in the world, like King Atmos.
Alexander also knew he would still have to punish Mica for interrupting such a wonderful flow of wind.
Reaching into the folds in his cloak he pulled out some weapons that Mica had never seen him carry.
The weapons were simple and used by many wind wizards of ancient times.
Each was a small disk of metal with small protrusions carrying razor sharp blades.
They were designed like all wind wizards weapons to catch the wind.
He had them made and painted in three colors blue, green, and black.
The black he released first, making a show of throwing his arms out.
Then with a flick of his fingers, the green was thrown down towards the tree tops and the blue towards the sky.
Mica easily avoided the black palm sized disk, veering to one side and back.
The other two disks were nearly invisible to anyone not looking for them.
The green blended in with the trees when looking down and the blue blended in with the sky.
The disks ripped large holes in Mica robes.
He fluttered in the wind as he struggled to keep from hitting the ground at deadly speed.
At Alexander command, the disks floating on the wind, returned to his hand.
Alexander circled and watched as Mica fell into the branches of the thick trees, bouncing off three tree limbs before finally landing on the rich, dark earth.
Alexander floated down and gently landed on the soft dirt and watched Mica regain consciousness.
Mica robes were in shreds, Alexander knew Mica would have to replace them before he flew again.
He was lucky Alexander left him alive.
Alexander could have easily directed the disks to rip Mica body much like the folds of his clothes.
He was hoping to teach him the errors of his way and give him a second chance.
Mica finally came to his knees and examined not only the rips in his clothes but in his flesh.
His body was unbroken except the skin that opened when hitting the trees.
Alexander had done well helping his former student avoid injury.
Mica however, had not seen Alex leaning on a tree near him.
Alexander said, Have you ever heard the saying.
Do not bite the hand that feeds you.
Mica looked up with a chaotic fury in his eyes.
The king feeds me, not you.
Mica pulled himself upright, obviously still dizzy from the fall he had taken.
He waivered on his feet.
Alexander scoffed at his reply, The king feeds you lies.
You need to open your eyes and see the plots that surround your king.
If you do not, you will end up like his loyal servant, Jace.
Do you remember him.
You know I do.
He found me and brought me in to serve the Earth Realm.
All along he was a traitor working to destroy what King Atmos had built.
Alexander laughed again and walked slowly up to Mica to stand in front of him.
You mean what Atmos father had built.
What his father had built while leaving others to die to protect his cause.
The Water Realm fell because of his father refusing to help build all of the realms back to their glory.
The realms rulers are supposed to work together, to help each other.
King Atmos and his father sought only glory and power.
True rulers rule to protect the people of their lands.
If Jace was a traitor he was a traitor to that ruler, not to the cause that is just.
Mica grew red in the face at the insinuation that King Atmos was the traitor.
He reached his hands forward and pushed wind at Alex but nothing happened.
Alexander smirked, You should never attack your teacher.
They often hold bits of knowledge back that would otherwise take a lifetime to learn.
Things that they had tried on their former teachers.
I have not used anything that I did not teach you.
I told you to design your own weapons.
I told you to disable a wind wizard simply hold the wind around them so they cannot use it.
No wind will reach us here unless I say so.
Mica grew even madder and started to charge Alexander.
Without moving a muscle Alex pushed wind from underneath Mica, twisting him in the air where he landed on his face.
I think we are at an impasse.
I will leave you to find your way back to the glory and honor of your king.
Alexander made a deep bow and gracefully lifted into the sky, leaving Mica to his misery.
Mica brushed the dirt from his arms and stripped himself of his tattered robes.
Underneath he had tied a second set to his waist, which he promptly put on.
He had already learned a few tricks that his teacher had not taught him.
Alexander smiled, it would take him a moment to change into the robe.
In that moment Alex would be a league away.
The air rushed around him causing Mica to disappear amongst the trees and he soared into the clouds.
Chapter Waves The ice sphere protruded out of the ground where Brandon had created the stone bowl.
Servants and soldiers avoided the large structure sticking out of the training grounds.
Its reflective surface had a way of drawing people eye.
Rumors spread that it contained a powerful fire wizard.
They did not come within shouting distance of the dome, thinking it may break open like an egg giving way to a baby chick that if they neared it Kara would burst forth and destroy their world.
Twilix let those rumors spread.
She had even gone as far as to meet servants sent to her halfway to the sphere and then glance back as if she could feel Kara fighting her way out.
She would watch them scurry away as she told them to run.
For now, Twilix sat alone at a table near the large ice sphere.
She was eating a Kapal dish that had been taught to the kitchen workers.
If she was ever going to have another meal with Kilen then she better get use to the spice in the meals he ate.
Besides, she knew the spices in the food had a certain energizing property that would help her keep up with Kara growth.
The sphere containing the growing girl was easy to maintain and she took pride by writing about her success in a book for the wizard library.
She particularly liked the way the wall cooled the wizard as it melted.
The melted ice would run down the interior until it reached the wizard and cooled her with ice cold water.
The time it took to rebuild the water back into a roof was little, allowing the wizard maintaining it to sleep or eat without having to worry.
When she was done she would merely rebuild and go perform another task, confident that the aging wizard would be fine.
She jotted down a few other ideas about how other aging wizards of different elements would benefit by a similar structure.
She noted issues that could arise with each type of elemental dome.
She wondered if wizards of other elements would be able to add to her ideas.
None of her idea were as sound as the one she had thought of for water wizards assisting fire wizards.
She finished her plate of food and refilled her cup of water from the humid air of summer.
She drank deeply, which helped the burn in her mouth and throat but did nothing for her lips.
She cupped her hand and filled it with water.
Leaning forward, she placed her lips in her hand and moved the water to cool her burning lips.
Twilix hoped that all the effort she was putting into getting use to the meals would pay off.
She did not particularly like the taste of the spices on the Kapal menu.
With her meal finished she made her way up the stone ramp to the alcove to refresh the wall thickness and deplete the water that pooled around Kara.
Just before reaching the top, she saw a reflection in the sphere surface.
Brandon was approaching from the castle.
Her new grown up form allowed her more advantages than she ever had with men.
She could merely ask and many of her wishes were granted.
Men did not argue or utter disagreement when she offered her opinion.
They often talked less and swallowed a lot more.
Mary had warned her about using it too often or with the wrong men, but so far all experiences had worked in her favor.
She checked her hair in the reflection before turning around, as if she did not notice he was approaching.
Good afternoon, Twilix.
How is the girl.
Brandon sounded pleasant enough, so she walked back down the ramp before talking with him.
Her power is increasing slowly day by day.
If she stayed in transition for a month I think King Atmos will need every water wielder in the kingdom to assist you in keeping her from heating up.
Even then I think he would want you to abandon your cause, Brandon said.
She knew he was right.
If Kara took too many resources to control and posed too much of a danger to the public the king would let her burn herself up.
Twilix was determined not let that happen.
You know there have been wizards who remain in transition for more than a month, but it is rare and unlikely that she will.
Besides, I was strong before my transition and now I am more so.
I should be able to maintain her fairly easily, especially with your help, Twilix said smiling.
It is also rare that a wizard go into transition so soon after being awakened, Twilix.
You should know when dealing with the Everheart family, any rarity is a possibility, Brandon retorted.
She smiled, Yes, they do have a way of overcoming what is normal.
Brandon, I would not worry yourself.
Brandon body seemed to calm down as she cood his name when talking to him.
She took a step forward, Her transition should not be much longer.
Her body has already changed form and we know that an increase in power and awakening will follow soon after.
I just wanted you to be aware that if it goes much longer than a week, I will need a bit of energy.
He was about to speak when she noticed a woman approaching carrying a basket.
She directed her attention to the woman and left Brandon standing by himself.
Excuse me Brandon, I must see to this.
Kara body has grown and she needs some new clothes made.
She now lies naked, so you keep your peeping eyes away from my work.
I know you came by to visit me and my outgrown clothing often.
Twilix smiled a devious smile as Brandon turned red in the face and tried to think of something to say.
The seamstress and Twilix disappeared inside the ice sphere leaving him to squirm.
The seamstress seemed nervous to approach Kara so Twilix walked down the ice stairway and started to walk through the icy water at the bottom.
Twilix formed the water into a stream that she poured all over Kara.
The water hissed and steamed and Twilix reformed the ceiling thickness before turning her attention to the statue of a woman at the entrance.
I know.
It is not normal to see magic being used, but I need you to come and do your job.
I will let no harm come to you.
She is asleep and will be for some time.
I have cooled her so you can touch her as long as you do not take too long.
Be careful coming down the stairs, they are made of ice and are very slick.
The girl nodded, carefully walked down the stairs and crossed to the center of the sphere to Kara.
She pulled a string out of her basket and began measuring lengths of Kara arms and legs.
Twilix assisted crossing with the tape under her body to measure her waist and bust.
The woman shook as she worked.
Twilix was unsure if it was because of Kara or because of the cold temperature.
Twilix used magic to cause the water in the air to heat up a bit but the woman hands did not stop shaking.
Twilix put a hand on the woman shoulder.
The entire city had grown up on horror stories about fire wizards and the destruction they caused.
She began to understand a small amount of what Mary had to face every day.
I know it is scary, but this girl will not harm you, Twilix reassured her.
The woman nodded but said nothing.
She finished her work and quickly made her way up the stairs.
Twilix cooled the air again and cooled the ice that formed the ceiling already starting to melt.
The woman was gone without saying a word.
Twilix made her way out of the icy room.
By the time she reached the sunlight, the woman had already crossed the training field trying to put as much distance between her and the fire wizard as she could.
Twilix knew she should find Kara more leather to wear, something that fit better than what she had previously.
Kara had grown a substantial amount.
She would not fit into the leather pants made to fit Mary.
She had already grown taller than Mary and now matched Twilix.
Brandon had already gone on to the business he needed to conduct for the day.
Twilix thought she had better not travel too far from Kara, so she sat on a small stool next to a tent that was made for her.
Twilix looked over the books that were brought down.
She and Kilen had once discussed the book, The Dark Army.
She had read it twice more since the discussion.
She opened the book and read its contents again, looking for any weakness she could find for the coming days.
The question that Kilen had asked about how to fight a soul wizard resonated in her brain.
None of the books say how to combat a soul wizard if found, or how to find them.
It scared her to think that one could already be amongst the people, plotting and learning.
If there ever came a time when she would need to face a soul wizard, she wanted to be ready.
Max had kept up a faster pace than Kilen had anticipated, having them arrive at Kesterton earlier than he wanted.
The sun was still sitting on the horizon and showed the small pirate ships at the docks.
Their sails looked like the ribs of an animal with shafts running lengthwise across them to help keep their shape.
Each ship was made in the same fashion being small and having a pointed front to slice through the water.
Their front sale was shaped more like a cone with the other sails angling the wind into the front.
He had seen pictures of the ships in his school books and even learned a little of the pirates culture.
He noticed on some ships the symbols of magic carved into the bow.
Some had none of the symbols and some had all four.
The pirates were not so much a different race or species of human like the Kapal they were merely a different culture with different language and customs.
Only the pirates knew their history.
Kilen would love to find out how they came to be and how they lived with one another.
He heard stories of how they were ruthless outlaws with a greed for supplies and money.
The pirates made port at a couple of places in the elemental realms, but never left their ship.
They often shouted their demands to the dock master and awaited delivery.
The pirates traded goods they had stolen.
They paid in stolen gold for goods at two to three times the normal price.
He knew they did not have a fear of the land or the docks because of Kesterton.
Houses and docks were built up for as far as Kilen could see.
Workers filled gardens and a few fields that ranged all the way to the edge of the mountains.
The houses were all sizes and shapes from flat roofs to angled.
Some had tile shingles, some mud, and others wood.
Kilen thought that perhaps when visiting other cultures, they adopted some of their structures into their own.
Most of the structures near the water were on wooden beams sticking out from the ground.
As the sun set, the buildings farther inland began to look like they were sinking in the water as the tide came in.
Once it reached their foundation, it looked as if they were floating.
The sound of the water crashing on the shore was rhythmic and mesmerizing.
He sat alone in a dip of land on an upper portion of the beach.
The brush was high and allowed him some cover as he spied in on the people that walked up and down the docks of the town.
Alexander warned him about going through the town and told him to go around, but now that he was here, the town seemed to go all the way to the mountains.
Even Joahna and Max were having a hard time finding a way around the village.
Kilen thought that, with Jace help, he could make his way through undetected.
The walkways and buildings were all elevated off the ground.
If Kilen came close enough to the dry land, he would be able to go directly underneath the buildings to get through the town.
He knew he would have to wait for nightfall and for all of his friends to assist him.
Kilen kept his armor covered, as it was a polished set and was afraid that it would be easily seen from the boats.
If he moved through the town he would not be able to wear his armor due to the noise it would make.
He needed to have Max carry some of it for him.
A small dirt devil swirled on the beach and moved out towards the water and ruffled a sail on a couple boats.
He knew it was Jace checking in.
Kilen watched the people from behind the screen of dried grass still waving in the fresh ocean wind.
He kept his movements slow to avoid detection and only moved when the grass wavered to obscure it.
He watched as men, women, and children went about the last tasks of the day before the sun set.
Every one of the pirates that he could see wore nothing on their feet.
They ran, walked, danced, and even stomped to the beat of small drum a man played, all while wearing no shoes.
Men and women alike wore pants that went just below the knee and gathered into a sort of puff.
The extra clothing gathered in at the waist and was colored with reds and oranges.
The men wore vests of matching colors and displayed tattoos proudly as they walked around.
The women wore linen shirts to cover their chest that were cut off at the sleeve.
Some wore vests over their linen shirt but it seemed a more fancy type of vest with lace and embroidery.
Each person had dark skin from spending time in the sun.
The dark brown skin made the white ink tattoos all the more prevalent.
He had not read anything about what kind of clothes the pirates wore or what their towns looked like.
He made sure to take mental notes on everything he wanted to write down for others to read.
He could not afford to take out a quill and paper to start writing at the chance he might be seen.
The sun was sinking about halfway into the water.
This was the first time he had ever seen a body of water so vast that he could not see the trees on the other side.
Lake leviathan was large, but trees on the horizon on the far side could always be seen.
Kilen watched the reflection on the waves out in the distance and wished Kara could have been there to see it.
The clear ocean sky revealed colors he had not thought possible shades of orange and purple too magnificent to ever be captured on paper.
A small white bird fluttered into Kilen hiding spot.
He knew it was Joahna and was not startled.
A tiny man seemed to grow out of the sand beside Kilen.
Soon, a light breeze brushed Kilen skin.
All of the men were there with them.
He was sure things would start to get interesting.
Joahna spoke first like always, There is not a very safe place to cross around the town.
Every place I found, Kilen will be visible to the workers.
Jace voice was more like a whisper on the wind, The men on the water watch every direction.
They have decent sentries on the outskirts of town as well.
I have found that there are also wizards on those boats.
If he is detected you can be sure there will be magic involved.
We know all too well the dangers of the pirates.
The fights are common on the ridges to the south of the Fire Realm, Max spoke of the pirates as if they were a plague.
Their swords are strong and thick and they know how to use them well.
Kilen was not trained to fight against their swordplay.
Each spoke in turn as if Kilen was not even present.
They talked about the dangers and waiting until the majority of the town had fallen asleep.
They even talked about having Kilen swim around the boats but they were unsure how long it would take to go around.
I am in charge here, remember.
His statement silenced all of them so he continued, I am going under the town.
The pillars on their buildings raise far enough that I can go underneath with little difficulty.
Max will have to carry my armor.
Jace and Joahna, I will need a distraction.
Kilen knew not to trust any look on the elemental face because it would have taken an effort to make a movement to give away emotions.
He watched their blank faces for a moment before turning over to check how far down the sun was.
The top of the sun barely touched the horizon and soon the city would plummet into darkness.
Torches were being lit throughout the town, casting weird shadows onto the beach below.
Kilen dug in his bag and pulled out a dark brown colored cloak.
He knew it was a darker brown than the sand he would have to cross but it was the closest he had to a match.
Still, none of the elementals spoke so Kilen decided to act on his own.
Slowly, Kilen used water magic to create a light fog starting under the buildings closest to the city.
He let it drift in all directions as the light continued to fade.
Joahna grumbled, Jace, you may have to make yourself a ghost.
I will help with the fog.
Kilen did not understand what Joahna meant by ghost but released his hold on the fog and let Joahna take over.
The fog started to drift in from all directions and stretched a lot farther than Kilen could have made it.
He watched until he could barely make out the shadows that the torches made on the buildings.
Kilen turned to max, still resting in the form of a tiny man.
Probably change into something they will not notice.
Kilen asked.
Max formed himself into a blob that melted into the ground and reformed underneath Kilens supplies as a goat.
The goat walked off out of the grass and under the docks.
Kilen felt stupid for even thinking of ordering the others around as he watched the goat disappear into the fog.
Kilen watched the way Max had gone.
The fog swirled at the height of a man.
The fog moved but Kilen was unsure what he was seeing.
When he looked closer he could make out the individual details of a man form in the fog but it lacked a body.
The human shaped emptiness continued to walk right up to Kilen, finally kneeling down to look him in the face.
Jace voice came out as a whisper on the wind, I will lead.
The hair on the back of Kilen neck stood on end as he stayed back from the hooded ghost like figure walking through the fog.
He tried to remember all Jace had taught him about staying unnoticed in his training.
Kilen lowered himself and put the hood on his cloak barely over his face to keep him unrecognizable.
The entire town was quiet except for the waves crashing on the beach.
As Kilen got nearer the town, he could hear the voices of the inhabitants.
Their language was none he had ever heard of before, and was another thing that was not described by the books he had read about them.
Each sound of their speech was fast and contained only one syllable.
He was unable to make out any words he knew.
Whatever they were saying, they sounded angry to Kilen.
Then he heard them laugh and continue in the same type of speaking as before.
The speech was short and punctuated and kept a fast rhythm.
Using his water vision, Kilen saw a ball of water drift across the room above to a mug.
One of the people in the room above him was using water magic.
He saw the water heating the room to keep it warm inside.
Kilen also knew that if the wielder was using water magic then they could use it to see him underneath the building.
Kilen rushed to get under a different structure.
He ran from pillar to pillar under the elevated town trying to avoid open spots between walkways.
He stopped to check and see if anyone had discovered him and heard only silence.
He used the water vision and was able to see a man holding a single finger to his lips.
Kilen listened as waves crashed against the pillars down the shore from him and he felt the cool water run over the top of his boots.
The man who held his hands to his lips pointed down to where Kilen was standing.
He had been discovered.
Kilen watched as dwellers of the building started pulling daggers and thick curved swords from their belts and shelves.
Kilen counted six in the tiny room above.
A couple vanished from his water sight, creating a void like Twilix had done before.
Slowly, one opened the door and spoke.
Soon a man from a neighboring building spoke as well.
Kilen felt the water touch his ankles as he tried to blend in with the pillars.
The fogged thickened so that only those with water magic would be able to see farther than the reach of their own hand.
Kilen knew this was a sign from Joahna to run and he did, splashing his way through the hidden pillars below the town.
Kilen could hear shouting and feet scrambling on the decks and walkways above his head.
With the combination of fog and a near moonless night, it was hard to see the pillars he was running between.
He could hear the splashing of men jumping from the decks into the water.
Kilen was now up to mid shin in the water.
A loud boom shook the ground and then the sky lit with an unnatural light.
That boom was followed by more.
Kilen peeked out from under one of the decks to see streaks of fire flying towards the heavens.
A few seconds into the climb, the streaks would explode giving light to the night.
Men jumped to the ground all around Kilen, unsure of where exactly he was at.
They spoke to one another in their punctuated language.
Kilen said nothing until Jace formed himself in the fog next him.
He pointed the direction Kilen needed to go, and Kilen nodded back in response.
Jace disappeared and Kilen watched as he reappeared in front of one of the men and swung a sword of fog.
The man used his curved blade to block nothing but air.
Jace form exploded and reformed behind him, slicing the man leg with a thin, forceful wind.
Under the next building Kilen stopped and thought about the man with the sliced leg and others he heard crying out in pain.
Kilen was sure that besides the men who could use water magic, he had been unseen.
Jace walked out of the shadows and watched as a man with a bow shot an arrow through his ghostlike form.
The man was thrown up against a building by a gust of wind before his body slumped to the ground.
Max grew out of the sand with swords in both hands, Your armor is on the other side of the city.
We need to get you out of here.
Follow me and Jace.
Kilen grabbed the sand figure by the shoulder, Max, remember you cannot kill anyone.
Max stopped and turned around, his rock face barely visible in the thick fog.
Max growling reply showed his frustration, That will make it more difficult to get you out of here alive.
I do not need any more voices in my head, Max.
Especially ones that none of us understand, Kilen said looking about for his next hiding spot.
Jace voice whispered, Then stop waiting around for them to find you and move.
It did not take long for Kilen to get to splashing his way through the knee deep water as he heard men cry out in pain and swords clash.
The fire continued to burn in the sky, giving glimpses above of areas between buildings and walkways.
The fog was stationary and Kilen made his way out of it as he left the fighting behind him.
He understood the plan.
Joahna, Max, and Jace would continue to fight as the pirates came at the fog to stop the intruder that had come in their town.
Only, the pirates would find his elementals to fight.
The tide was rising quickly now, making it hard for Kilen to move fast or quietly under the buildings.
He crossed an open spot and fell into the cold salt water.
A pain in his leg stopped him from getting back to his feet.
Kilen floated in the water and pushed himself to float underneath the next building.
He put his back to one of the pillars and with his good leg, he lifted himself to a half standing position.
Looking down, he saw a crossbow bolt sticking from the side of his leg.
Kilen moved around the pillar to hide himself from anyone on the walkway.
The bolt was sunk deep into his leg with only the feathers sticking out of his thigh.
Kilen knew he had to keep moving before more discovered where he was.
He heard a splash behind him, followed by another.
He used the water vision to see daggers being drawn.
He wished the tide had come up enough so he could just swim from the men instead of having to drag his leg behind him while trying to escape.
It occurred to him that he could make this happen.
Concentrating, Kilen pulled at the tide, causing it to rise at a rapid rate.
Kilen sunk down into the water, letting only his head show above surface.
The men approaching had to hold onto pillars to keep from being swept inland.
The building wood beams creaked under the sudden rush of waves.
Kilen did his best to travel from one beam to the other but the men still pursued him.
Kilen was hopeful one of his friends would find him and help him to the edge of the town.
While holding on to the one of the beams, Kilen came to the realisation that he was very weak and vulnerable compared to the others.
He was the weak link not only in skill, in magic or in sword, but in flesh.
He knew without them, he would not have lasted as long as he had.
Without his elemental friends, his sister and comrades would probably be dead as well.
The thought made him grateful and more courageous.
He scrambled in his mind to figure out a way to keep himself alive.
He owed it to his spirit friends to survive.
A second bolt let out a thunk as it sank itself into the wood near Kilen head.
It startled him and almost made him release the hold on his water magic.
The thought of what would have happened gave him an idea.
Like his nights on the pier in Basham, Kilen slammed his fingers knuckle deep into the wood beams and released his hold on the water.
The water rushed back down the bank, dragging with it the two unsuspecting pirates.
The water pulled them into the other support beams down the bank.
Their bodies came to rest in the water, limp and unconscious.
Kilen staggered along as fast as he could, feeling dizzy and weaker by the moment, his wound burning in the salt water.
He wondered if he had used too much magic holding the water around him, but knew he had done much more before.
He knew his weakness was something different.
He continued on trying to pull his own fog around himself but could not find the concentration to do so.
Kilen felt a brush of wind rush past him and turn around.
It was unnatural and Kilen knew it was Jace.
Soon after, a crystallized bird flew into the water.
The spot where the bird dove in formed into a man pulling Kilen arm around its shoulder.
We need to get out of here, Joahna said.
Kilen did his best to stumble along with Joahna help.
The motion of walking in combination with the crashing waves made Kilen stomach start to roll.
He stopped and Joahna watched as he emptied his stomach into the water.
Joahna pulled him upright and looked into Kilen eyes.
They were shaking and glossy.
Kilen could not see out of his eyes, he felt faint and was hearing everything as if it echoed.
He spoke to the icy man in front of him, I do not feel very well.
Joahna looked down at the bolt sticking out of Kilen leg and with a crystallized hand, ripped it free.
The pain caused Kilen to retch again.
Joahna quickly healed the wound in the leg but it did not help clear up Kilen mind.
Jace blew in, followed by a stone version of Max with bloody stone swords.
Jace hollow figure came closer, Poisoned arrow.
We need to get him out of here.
Fast.
Kilen could hear the elementals talking about a poisoned arrow and the first thought that came to his mind was his book.
He had written a list of poisons and antidotes with the help of his friend, Leroy.
He thought his friends might be able to cure him with the antidotes listed in his book.
He forced out, My book.
He was glad when Joahna recognized what he had said and reassured him they were trying to get him to his book and equipment outside of Kesterton.
Kilen felt as if his muscles were not responding to his will.
He tried to walk but could not feel his legs moving.
Even swallowing seemed to feel like choking.
His body was in a pain that could not be described he pain and numbness at the same time.
The pain seemed to last forever but soon he heard words over the constant ringing in his ears.
Drink it.
Joahna voice reverberated in his head as he felt the rush of icy healing magic assault his body.
He could feel his mouth enough to swallow the bitter concoction he had been given.
The healing feeling continued and chilled him to his core.
He wanted to be standing next to a warm fire.
The vision started to slowly return to his eyes but he could not see much more than shadows and fog.
He knew Joahna was continuing to hide them.
The punctuated language of the pirates could be heard as his hearing returned.
What did you give me to drink.
Kilen asked through a lethargic voice Something in your bag from Leroy.
It was labeled poison antidote so we gave it to you.
Are you strong enough to ride.
Max voice was urgent and almost scared.
If you can hold my legs I think I can stay upright.
Help me up.
Max helped Kilen stand and he watched the world turn.
His vision pulsed to the beat of his heart as if he was moving forward and backward all at once.
The sandy looking man did his best to hold Kilen still.
It was not long until he had formed into a horse under his feet and an icy set of arms threw his pack on the horse back.
Max galloped along the beach, pushing every moment to speed himself up.
Joahna landed as a bird on Max horse head and continued to heal Kilen body still being attacked by the poison.
The more Kilen could see, the more danger he could tell they were in.
Kilen watched as torches chased after them.
The torches followed on land and sea.
Kilen watched as the flames that lit up the sky continued to cast him in dim light on the beach below.
He was again grateful that he had such powerful allies.
Offshore, one of the ships broke away from the others.
The lights revealed that it had all four elemental marks on its side.
Kilen could see a woman on the back of the ship holding her hands to the sails as an unnatural wind filled them, pushing the ship to gain in speed.
Another woman continually threw flames into the sky and pointed where she saw Kilen trying to escape.
Kilen began to feel a bit of comfort as the ship started to slowly turn towards the bank.
He was sure they were about to turn around and head home with Kilen out of their grasp.
Instead, the ship came up on to the bank.
A wave of water followed the ship and continually kept the boat from running aground.
The wielders on the ship gave it its own personal wave, wind, and light.
The ship crew rushed from one sail to the other, making adjustments and readying weapons to fight.
Kilen spoke nervously to Max.
Faster Max.
They are still coming.
Joahna added to his stress in an eerie voice, Do you see this Max.
Max lurched forward trying to leave the ship behind.
The wind wizard on board was steadied by an earth wizard and the ship picked up speed, rolling down the shore on a magic wave of water.
The sight panicked Kilen and he tried to spur Max into going faster.
Kilen knew help had arrived when arrows launched from bows suddenly fell short, sinking to the ground or turned out to the water when being shot straight at him.
The wind in the sails failed and went limp, leaving the ship to slow itself on the beach.
Kilen watched as the ship sails caught a wind from the west and it lurched to the side nearly tipping the ship over.
A couple men fell from its deck at another sudden jolt of wind.
They were swallowed by the water keeping the ship afloat on the land.
Jace handy work and the power of wind magic had saved him again.
He remembered Alex warning about wind not being as weak as most thought.
Kilen really wished he had taken the time to learn more about it while he was with the Elder Wizards.
The boat pitched forward as the wind wizard on deck had lain down to put herself into elemental form.
The transformation must have made her stronger because the sails filled again and the ship was gaining on Kilen even faster.
Jace voice whispered on the wind, She is stronger now.
I can not pull the wind from her in elemental form.
Max raced on without the normal dramatics of being horse like in all facets.
Joahna spoke in his normal commanding tone.
Jace, aid her in the wind and I will do the rest.
Jace and the wind faded away from Kilen and he watched the wind in the sails pull the thick cloth so tight that he could hear ropes and wood creaking under its pull.
Joahna was still sitting on Max back in the form of a bird but soon he flew ahead and landed on the sandy beach.
A wave crashed into the small elemental and when it receded, Joahna stood as a liquid man.
He made himself as large a man as Kilen had ever seen.
Max raced past him as Joahna stood his ground, waiting as the land traveling ship soared towards him on a wave of magic.
Kilen had no idea what the plan was and he did not have time to think of any with crossbow bolts zipping past him as he guided Max back and forth out of their path.
Joahna did nothing to stop the flying bolts but stood defiantly in front of the ship.
The magical wave crashed into him and enveloped his liquid body.
The ship massive weight showed no hinderance in crushing Joahna elemental body, but Kilen somehow knew Joahna work was not over.
The water rushing underneath the pirate ship soon started to turn to ice as it fell away from the ship.
The rushing water turned to snow and the ship continued to travel forward, sliding its underbelly on the snow.
The ship slowed and Kilen watched as ice started to form against the wood and barnacles coating the vessel.
The wood and ropes creaked under the pressure to keep the ship moving at the speeds needed to catch Max.
New waves crashed against the shore bringing forth fresh water to renew the ships chase.
The new water began turning to any icy slush and stuck to the hull of the ship.
It froze faster than the waves could add to its movement and soon brought the ship to a stop.
The assault of ice and the strength of the wind snapped the mainsail from its deck.
Connecting ropes ripped the other sails from their place.
In a mass of wood, rope, sails and debris men jumped from the deck into the water.
Kilen and Max raced away as a still watery Joahna walked out of the pile of ice, resuming his bird form and taking to the air.
They left the pirate ship looking like a deadly warning of what his friends were capable of.
Chapter Hunting Bowie laid in the back of a wagon trying to sleep as it jostled him from side to side.
He insisted that he be the last of his men to get sleep.
He had received a few hours of rest before getting into the wagon and heading down the quiet rode.
Each time they made out for a new camp, they picked up their own tents and moved forward to the next camp setting up for the another group of his men to arrive.
Bowie had lost track of time and was not even sure what day of the week it was.
He had been awake too long to remember to keep track.
He knew that it was early morning still a few hours until the sun would come up.
The stars made appearances between the tops of the trees far overhead.
He sat up and looked around at the men traveling in the dark.
He was sure they could keep up to this pace but the horses and supply wagons were a different story.
Ria was constantly rejuvenating troops and horses as they rode past her camp.
He knew that Ria was also producing bows and arrow shafts for Bowie men to use.
Bowie was pleased by the amount of game his men had been able to catch while out looking for the enemy.
Meat was not in short supply at any one of the camps and was constantly being prepared for his troops.
Torch lights and campfires reflecting off the surfaces of white tents told Bowie that he had arrived at the next camp site.
He knew he would find Ria, Auburn and Tyler in this camp.
John had lead another troupe that passed late last night.
Bowie was leading his men to the front of the advance to a new forward camp.
Bowie put on his hat, straightened it and retrieved his jacket from where he had laid his head to keep it from bouncing on the wagon.
He did not think the moss could get any thicker, but each day it seemed to make heavier curtains hanging from the roots coming out of the ground.
Each day of the summer grew hotter and more unbearable during the noon peak of the sun.
He was glad that the sun did not penetrate the canopy.
Auburn was already awake and giving orders to the fletchers working hard near one of the fires.
Two large piles of arrows had already been arranged and were being packed up in one of the empty carts.
They had taken to even tying bundles of arrows to the outside of the carts and wagons to make room for more in the wagons.
Good morning, Auburn.
Bowie said as the wagon came to a stop so he could jump out.
Do you have an accurate count.
Accurate, no.
A good estimate, yes.
We have been able to get our totals to about twelve thousand arrows.
Of course we would have more if you had not taken the others to the king, Auburn said putting her bow on her shoulder.
Twelve thousand and the ones we gave to the king already.
Well, I would say your men could take a day off but we do not know what tomorrow will bring.
How is Ria holding up.
A motherly voice spoke from behind him, Better than you by the looks of it.
You may want to pull the straw from your hair before talking to a pretty young woman if you want to have any chance at courting her.
Bowie felt his hair and several pieces fell away.
He then took notice of the straw coating his pants and he brushed them clean as well.
I am not trying to court anyone.
I am trying to make sure we all survive this war.
Ria cleared her throat, Be that as it may, you should always keep yourself presentable in front of women.
Bowie straightened his hat in frustration.
Tell me, How are you really.
Bowie started to walk towards the front of the wagon line and watched Ria grace each man and animal with her touch as she answered.
I am doing well.
I have taken to sleeping most of the day but with the help of our secret I have been able to recover in time to complete all the necessary tasks.
Bowie knew the secret was a handful of imbuements that would make her stronger than a small army.
Hed seen what it looked like when those imbuements were stripped away from someone who used more magic than their body could store.
Kilen had nearly died because of his own ignorance of that knowledge.
Bowie wished he knew just how Kilen was doing on his mission with the Elder Wizards.
Bowie section was not only greeted by Ria magic, but also by other soldiers.
Each wagon was supplied with fresh cooked beans, bread, and meat to consume on the road.
The passing soldiers received bread, fruit, and more arrows for their quivers.
Some even received new wizard grown bows.
Bowie made his way through the camp and made sure he shook hands with his men and asked them how they were holding up.
Most men smiled as they worked, some stood to greet him.
He even began learning more of their names so he could remember those who fought by his side.
When he was done, he noticed Auburn was mounted and holding Charger reins for Bowie.
The horse was prancing and antsy to get back on the road.
Ria did her best to help keep Bowie animal steady.
His troop had already disappeared down the road to find the next camp location.
Ria stopped him before he got on his horse.
The scouts have stopped returning, Sergeant Crescent.
I am afraid that you will find more of the Fire Realm soon.
The men here were actively chasing two when we started to set up camp on this spot.
They should have either met their doom or John forces by now.
Bowie thought her words over as he mounted.
If they were chasing down the enemy, it would be best to not divide his men any longer.
Bowie dismounted again sending Charger into a bit of a fit, jumping and pulling on the reigns Ria held.
Her strength imbued arm gave the horse a tug and set him right.
Bowie nodded and fished one of many maps out of his bag.
Pulling the string that kept it rolled he laid it out on the ground, placing three stones on top as he talked.
I think it is about time we gather the forces.
I will take my three hundred farther south and set up a camp large enough for everyone.
I want you and Tyler to remain here until John and his three hundred soldiers catch up from the last camp.
Bowie looked up from the map and waited for a nod before continuing, From my next camp I will conduct one more sweep back here clearing that area with fifty men.
When we arrive, all of us will travel to the new camp.
I am sure we will need everyone rested and together for the days that come.
Ria curtsied low and bowed her head.
She reached out her hand and touched Bowie shoulder.
He felt the warm pressure in his chest as he was filled with energy.
She smiled, We will see you at the day end.
Take care of the girl, she has too many ambitions to become any sort of a lady.
I will need her alive if I am to teach her to pretend to be one.
Auburn snorted and released Chargers reins and turned her horse down the road.
Wait, she not staying with you.
Bowie asked.
Ria gave Bowie a sideways look filled with contempt, No.
You adolescent fool.
You are the one that gave her the idea that if she became a good enough archer, you would let her hunt with you.
She has been practicing everyday for as long as she can lift her bow.
Then you did not even bother to tell John.
He made an offhand remark that she was as good as any soldier in the camp.
You made her the promise, sergeant she spat his rank as if it was an insult and now you have to live with it.
Her face was as red as hed ever seen it.
She turned to leave and had walked a few steps away before turning around.
He knew that when a woman came back for more, it was never good.
Do not you let her die, Bowie Crescent.
If you do, I will make sure you go the rest of your life remembering.
Bowie did not know what would be worse seeing Auburn die or having to live with Ria never letting him forget it.
He knew he did not want either.
He kicked Charger and let him run as fast as the horse wanted to catch up to the excited red haired girl.
When he arrived back with his men he watched as they kept an observant eye to the forest on either side.
Auburn was already in conversation with the soldiers bragging about how she was going on the next hunt.
They encouraged her, giving her tips and instructions on how to be silent and the best way to hit a moving target.
Bowie cleared his throat, Auburn, can I talk to you.
She smiled at the soldier she was talking to and turned her horse to wait for Bowie place in the line to catch up to her.
I am very excited to be going on the hunt with you, Auburn said.
Bowie gave her a half grin, I wanted to talk to you about that.
Before another word could leave his lips, Oh no.
You are not backing out of your promise now.
I spent the last few days learning how to pour tea, walk with a book on my head, how to curtsy, and things that no man should know women do.
I have gone through that torture to be able to go on a hunt with you and that is what I am going to do.
There is no way you are going to talk me out of it.
Bowie started to talk slowly and quietly over the sounds of horses hooves hitting the ground.
I need you to stay behind.
I can not risk losing you to a Fire Realm man, which we are sure to find.
You are too valuable to the success of this mission.
You have perfected the way we make arrows so we can produce even more than I could have imagined.
I need you to stay behind and watch the fletchers.
I will set it up so you can stand watch for an attack if you want.
No, you said I could join you on a hunt.
Bowie started to shout back, That was before we started to find scouts on our hunts.
I thought we were going to hunt deer or rabbits, not men.
Auburn face became as red as her hair, I am going.
She spurred her horse forward, passing several men in line.
Bowie did not follow, he just shouted as she left, No, you are not.
The rest of the morning went with Bowie getting looks from Auburn until he tried to stop looking at her.
He knew she would get over it eventually.
He thought maybe he could take her hunting when the battle was over.
Perhaps teach her how to use the parts of the animals to make more supplies or even become a butcher.
They did not speak until later, in the early afternoon.
Bowie had called the troop to a halt and told them to set up camp.
He noticed Auburn approaching soldiers and fletchers alike.
She handed them a brown satchel that they would later hand back after going to their horses with it.
She had not come to him asking to join him on the hunt or even looked at him for more than a couple of seconds.
He noticed she seemed to have gotten over being mad.
She smiled and was pleasant to all she interacted with.
Bowie finished organizing the men to backtrack from his new camp to Ria.
He knew that a little after nightfall, John would be joining Ria with his section of men.
Bowie kept an eye on Auburn as she disappeared into a tent that was made for her.
He waved down one of the soldiers that would be joining him on the hunt and told him to gather the men.
It was past time they had been on their way and he wanted to leave while Auburn was in her tent.
He personally checked each man for a day rations, arrows, bandages, and an extra bow string.
Once each was checked, he gathered them on the line and watched each man start to walk straight out until they reached a distance where they could just see the man on each side of them.
Bowie watched as soldiers slowly started to progress forward, then pick up speed as they kept pace moving together through the trees.
Each time one of them saw something they would stop and signal the man next to them with an bird call.
The signal carried down the line until every man stopped.
Birds and animals running away from the group gave notice of no enemies to worry about.
Before long Bowie was jogging to keep the line moving at a pace that would bring them to Ria camp before midnight.
He knew they would have a few stretches that would slow them down, but he did not like being in the forest at night so he pushed ahead to keep them from it.
Bowie noticed one of his archers among the trees, squatting in the open a short distance in front of him.
He cursed, wondering why the soldier had moved ahead.
He did not recognize the soldier but held up his hand and called out for the men on either side to slow as they approached.
The soldier was facing away from Bowie and had on a black hat like the other men.
A long braid of hair extended from the back of the hat.
The closer he came, the more he recognized the her.
Auburn.
I told you not to come.
He said as he walked up to her.
She was removing an arrow from the scrawny rabbit she had killed.
I am not here to hunt with you.
I am here to hunt by myself since you will not take me with you.
Bowie squatted and thought for a moment while Auburn took a spare cloth out of her satchel to wipe the animals blood from her arrow.
You need to go back to the camp, Bowie said, motioning the other men to keep the line steady I do not think so, Auburn said.
Since your men are scaring all the animals to the north, I should push out in front of you to find some game.
She started to walk away, putting another arrow in the bow.
He caught up to her as the line of men followed his lead on the advance.
You can not do that, we are not hunting game.
We are hunting the enemy.
Bowie stalked at a steady pace to catch up to her.
She had changed her clothes into the tight leather breeches of a man which were particularly to snug around the hips.
She wore a plain linen shirt and a men leather vest.
Her hair fell over her shoulder in a braid the same as it was when he gave her her first lesson.
He took ahold of her arm and she turned to look at him with fierce green eyes.
I am hunting with or without you, she said.
You can tie me up if you like and pack me away to camp, but I will get out and I will come hunting.
Her jaw was set tight and she stood with a straight back in defiance.
He looked at her and thought she might have looked better in the men clothing.
He shook the idea from his head.
It was replaced with the thought of tying her up, which was not any better.
Bowie sighed, Fine, but stay behind me and stay close.
If we find any game, I will let you take the shot.
She jumped a bit and clapped her hands, then she cleared her throat and took her serious look again.
Bowie narrowed his eyes, realizing he had been defeated.
If we run into any enemy, you will stay behind me and do exactly as I say.
Bowie waited for a response.
She nodded her head and he turned to advance the line.
They had already wasted enough time.
He was sure he could hear her do a couple more excited bounces behind his back.
The next two hours were filled with apologies, twigs snapping, a slip of ouch caused by a thornbush, and Bowie was sure he heard a squeal when a large winged insect flew by.
Each time, he would stop her and show her how to avoid the next twig snapping or showing her which bushes have thorns.
He was able to keep her noises to a minimum, but he was sure the large winged insects would take some getting use to.
With the squeals cut down to a more manageable level, the lines started to make better progress getting to Ria camp.
Then came the grumblings of stomachs.
Auburn growled first and then Bowie echoed.
He was sure if her had not started, his would not have.
Bowie waved his arms to each side, signaling the men to take a break and fill their stomachs.
Each man in the line crouched where he stood and started eating.
Bowie particular meal was berries and a piece of bread with cheese.
Auburn was much of the same only with more berries, which she did not share.
The forest was quiet except for the occasional bird or animal noises which were blocked out by the wind moving through the leaves far above head.
He was sure the scene would have been romantic except for being on a hunt for the Fire Realm.
Bowie would have been happy to be alone in the forest, but Auburn company was pleasant enough when she was not near Ria.
He watched as she checked to make sure her Braid was holding and that she had not dirtied her clothes.
He thought it could be worse.
He could be spending the day with one of his men who he was sure had not bathed in days.
Bowie sniffed at his shirt and found it less than adequate.
He needed to wash.
Bowie knew it was probably bad being downwind of him all day but he could not help needing to be in front of the woman.
He watched her fill her stomach and try to hide her chewing behind the brim of the large black hat.
Bowie thought Auburn looked better in it than he did.
He straightened his own hat and gathered the remnants of his meal.
Standing, he looked to the east and west and checked to see if his men were ready to start moving.
They both stood and looked to the north, checking for any movement.
When they found none, they continued on their trek north.
Once Auburn stomach was quelled, she moved as silently as the other men and they started to pick up the pace.
Bowie knew they would be out in the forest after dark.
He hoped that Ria camp remained steadfast and did not send out a search for them.
That would likely end in his own men shooting each other.
The sun had already started to set and his men had tried to move quickly to make up for lost time.
The line of men approached a small stream that had cut into the earth over the years.
The result was a deadly barrier gorged into the ground his men would have to pass.
He could hear the stream but could not see it because it dipped almost straight down into the land.
Bowie kept low to the ground, stalking at half his normal height while his men kept a watchful eye in front of him from an angle.
When Bowie reached the edge of the stream small valley, he tried to figure out the best way to descend to the water.
When he looked back to wave Auburn forward, he saw his men waving to him from behind a tree.
He knew what it meant and waved Auburn to stay where she was.
Bowie took off his hat and slowly stood to his full height but was unable to find the reason for their caution.
The shadows now cast on the ground from the setting sun made it hard to see anything in great detail, but in one of the shadows he could see movement.
He looked to the side and used hand signals to tell them he was moving into range of the movement.
His men were to stay still and warn him of any increasing danger.
Carefully, Bowie made his way down the muddy slope into the bank of the stream below.
One small leap across to the other side of the stream met him with a moss and root overhang which he took comfort in being able to hide beneath.
Bowie did his best to keep quiet while walking along the soggy mud bank.
He was looking for a good place to climb up without being seen.
A tangle of roots stretching down to the water edge proved to be strong enough to climb.
He put his bow over his shoulder and an arrow in his teeth.
His legs straddled the root, using it as a rope and he pulled himself towards the ledge above his head.
About half way up he heard a squelch and a splash.
Looking behind him, he saw Auburn laying in the water scrambling to get back to her feet.
Bowie dropped from the root and helped her up and pulled her with him underneath the overhang.
He knew they would have to stay put and let his men fight in order for the two of them to stay alive.
The element of surprise and advantage of higher ground was now gone.
Sorry, was all Auburn could say.
A bird call alerted him to danger coming.
They had found the enemy.
They are coming, get your bow ready.
You kill anything that drops down that way and I will do the same this way, Bowie said readying his own.
Bowie pulled an arrow as far back as he could and locked his shoulder into a comfortable position.
Auburn did the same as John and Tyler had taught her.
Bowie heard a loud war cry from overhead as a large and bearded man splashed down in front of him.
He let his arrow fly but only struck a shield.
The man closed the gap and began swinging his axe.
Bowie found himself pressed up against the dirt wall with nowhere to go.
Glancing to his right, he found Auburn pulling an arrow from her quiver and stepping over another Fire Realm soldier who laid face down in the water.
The man swung again at Bowie as he danced amongst the roots.
The man was struck in the back of his shoulder by Auburn arrow.
A swing of his axe fell short and grazed Bowie hip as he took the opportunity to escape the wall of dirt he was pressed against.
Bowie ran towards Auburn, who let another arrow fly.
This arrow struck the man muscular neck and went clean through, protruding out the other side.
The pain in Bowie side cause him to stumble along the shore line with his bow in one hand bracing himself with the other as arrows passed overhead both directions.
Traveling upstream from where they had first started, Auburn and Bowie helped each other and watched the ridge that formed the sides of the stream gutter.
Bowie watched a few blades of grass push to one side and he knocked an arrow before a man with leather skin parted the grass with a curved blade.
Bowie quickly dispatched the man through his eye.
A bird call could be heard from somewhere on the troop side of the gutter, giving the all clear.
Hold the line.
Bowie shouted out and he was sure that hand signals were being passed from soldier to soldier.
Soon enough, one of his men poked his head over the wall of dirt and saw Bowie sitting along the bank and Auburn still searching the ridge for movement.
Bowie held the wound on his side that saturated his clothes with blood.
We are already across the stream in most of the line.
They caught two more trying to escape.
The soldier, he remembered as Mark, looked down and saw Bowie bleeding hip.
Fetch Bobby.
he called out to the nearest troop member.
Auburn was eased by the sight of another archer on the ridge and pulled a piece of cloth from her pack.
After getting some water from the stream, she pressed it against Bowie wound to clean the dirt from it.
Bowie winced in pain but grit his teeth to look tough in front of Auburn.
Oh come now.
I am sure a small cut like this could not hurt that bad, Auburn said, pulling out a second cloth to bandage.
A laugh from above let him know that by the end of tomorrow, everyone in his troop would know how he had winced.
He would never live down the moment.
Soon enough, a hard breathing and plump soldier Bobby, came sliding down into the ditch.
He pulled a needle and thread from his pouch and was having a hard time threading the needle.
Bowie was watching his hands closely, Perhaps we should get a more steady hand to sew me up.
The soldier from above chortled back, Nonsense, Master Crescent.
Bobby here has a knack for surgery.
Just not good with running long distances.
Give him a minute and he will straighten right up.
Bobby nodded his head in agreement, still trying to catch his breath.
He went to wash his hands in the stream and wiped the sweat from his brow on his sleeve.
Auburn took to cutting a thick piece of root and washed the dirt from its length.
Just before Bowie wondered what the root was for, she shoved it in his mouth.
Bite this, I think it will help, She said as she slid in behind Bowie on the bank.
It did not help, and neither did her cold, soaked clothes.
He did his best to hold still as Bobby poked the needle through his flesh.
Bowie tried to think of anything else and found himself taking some pleasure in feeling the warmth from Auburn body seeping through their wet clothes.
The needle went back and forth and then Bobby gave a tug, pulling the two pieces of bleeding flesh closer with every pass.
Soon, the wound was closed and Bobby was cleaning his hands of Bowie blood.
Bowie began to relax and felt the tears that had run off his face.
He quickly wiped them away as he pulled the root out of his teeth where it had sunk in.
He realized that Auburn was still clutching his chest pulling him into her and gave her hand a pat.
She released him and cleared her throat, the air once again cooled his wet clothes where she had been pressed.
We will need to keep an eye on that, Bobby said as he placed a cloth over the wound.
Thanks, Bobby.
Bowie said as he pulled his bloody shirt down over his hip.
The skin pulled tight as they helped him to his feet and he took a couple steps before he let go of the soldier.
Bowie then realized he still had to climb his way out of the gutter and cursed under his breath.
He went back to the root he had originally thought to climb and led the way to the top.
He noticed Auburn biting her lip as he climbed.
When he arrived, he saw what the others had seen at least ten bodies of slain enemies laid in an small open area near the far side of the stream.
Bowie was glad he had not poked his head over the top.
Auburn might have accidently saved him twice in a matter of minutes, but he was not going to let her know.
When his soldiers saw him, one came over and saluted.
My lord their weapons and armor are gone.
Gone.
Bowie asked.
We ran down every man we could.
Two more were killed to the northeast, one more to the northwest.
When we returned here, all their armor and weapons were gone.
Even the two that jumped to attack you had been stripped of weapons.
Then there must be at least a couple we missed.
Gather the men off the line.
I want to travel together the rest of the way to the camp.
The enemy could be behind us now, Bowie turned to help give the signal but winced in pain from moving too quickly His men started looking around as if expecting an attack at any moment.
Bowie gave the signal to gather in.
Bobby was called to look at two other men one with a twisted ankle from the descent into the stream and another, Palvey, who had taken an enemy arrow in the chest.
The second man was dead.
Palvey body was carried back on a makeshift litter.
Bowie did his best to help carry the boy body, but was once again stripped of his effort.
During the slow walk back to camp he learned more about the slain boy.
He made a mental note to cross him off his list of names of his troops.
Bowie had just managed to write down the names of his squad to help him remember them, now he would have to cross one off and that hurt more than the pain in his hip.
The darkness of night could not explain the pitch black that they saw during their trek home.
The lack of a moon and trees to block any star light made it difficult to see the roots and dangers underneath each step.
Each man took a battering on his legs until they could find their way back.
Bowie coached Auburn on where the dangers were as he crossed them.
He only knew she was still there by the sound of her voice answering him.
Torches lit the horizon as they called out to his men in the camp only a couple hundred paces away.
Bowie reached inside his shirt and felt the warm trickle of blood leaking out of him.
His stitches had broken open.
A crowd of soldiers poured out of the camp praising their arrival.
Bowie squad was relieved of Palvey body, John called for men to fetch shovels for his burial.
Most of the men seemed happy to see so many return, Bowie was glad so many still remained unharmed.
Yet that gladness was tinged with melancholy over Palvey death.
He trudged past Ria who offered to energize him.
He wanted no part in what seemed like a gift for his failure to protect a man in his command.
He wanted to tell Ria that he was finished and that he could not even protect a girl.
The words John spoke to him rang loud in his head, The men will not follow me.
Chapter Wind Omens It took a considerable amount of time to find a graveyard and bury Palvey, but Bowie would not leave until he had seen it done right.
Bowie normal schedule had been long forgotten in his efforts to get both Ria and his troops combined, organized and on the road.
Auburn had not said much since arriving back in the camp and had mostly taken to staying in Ria wagon.
The road seemed extraordinarily quiet.
Only the sounds of wagons and horses were present.
This section of his troop was a complete day behind Bowie normal schedule.
John camp could be seen only by the front riders in the column, where Bowie rode.
Bowie saw a commotion in John camp start as they had appeared with in view.
Bowie sped up to meet John.
Sergeant Crescent, I am glad to see you.
I was just assembling a few men to ride out to check on you.
I am glad we were able to make it before you did that.
We ran into a bit of trouble, Bowie replied John cleared his throat, How much is a bit.
Ten.
Bowie said nothing other than that.
His mind was still going over his near death experience.
He still could not believe he had come so close to dying.
Bowie snapped out of his vacant stare to see John still looking at him wanting details.
We came upon at least ten men around sunset.
I took a large cut to my waist and Palvey died.
One other was injured and is in the cart.
Bobby and Ria have been seeing to him.
You were able to stop all ten.
John asked.
Ten of them we killed.
We are not sure how many there were altogether.
A few of my troops chased two into the forest and lost them.
By the time we had returned to the area the armor and weapons were all gone from the men they had killed.
Not one piece of armor was left.
John must have noticed something in Bowie voice, You took on an enemy force of more than ten men and only came out with one death and two injuries.
I would say you did rather well.
Besides, we may have caught up to those men that lost you in the forest.
Bowie perked up in his saddle, ready to get justice for Palvey.
Early morning yesterday we saw some men moving through the forest near our camp and were able to chase the soldiers into a farm house.
Did you kill them.
Bowie asked.
When we approached the house, a farmer said we had no right to her belongings.
She said we could not enter her house.
We have it surrounded and were waiting for you, John replied, beaming.
Bowie gave an evil grin, Show me.
Together they rode to Ria wagon and had her come with them, explaining where they were going on the way.
Auburn insisted on coming along.
Still dressed in her hunting outfit covered in dirt and blood, she clammered on a horse and used the saddle to string her bow.
Bowie pushed Charger into a trot and winced at every bounce from the horse, he needed to have Bobby re sew the wound.
On a small road they came upon a house that was surrounded by his soldiers.
The cottage was made of stone walls and a thatched roof.
The walls were almost completely covered by moss like most of the ground in the open area surrounding the house.
The wooden shutters on the windows were closed and a tendril of smoke rose out of the chimney.
A small garden extended out of the front of the house and a gray haired woman wearing a brown apron retreated inside upon their approach.
We have not gone any closer since you were last here, Corporal Curtain, said a soldier coming out of the tree.
Has anyone else gone inside.
Bowie asked the boy.
No, but a wagon did come down the road, see us, then promptly turned around without saying anything.
The wagon left in quite a hurry.
Bowie nodded to the boy.
Ria had been too silent, listening to John and Bowie update them on everything that had been discussed.
Well, shall we go say hello and introduce our selves.
I am sure this is just a small misunderstanding, Ria dismounted and walked towards the house expecting the others to follow.
Auburn did not hesitate to follow the wizard.
Bowie and John shrugged their shoulders and dismounted.
The archer that spoke from out of the bushes took control of the horses and the four walked up to the front door.
I will talk and you two will remain silent, Ria said looking them in the eyes.
They both nodded their heads as if they had already become mutes.
With a lantern in hand, Ria knocked on the door three times.
Good morning, may I trouble you for a moment to rest my traveled legs.
One of the shutters on a window opened to reveal one nervous looking eye.
A woman voice called out from the crack in the window, You may come in but the soldiers will stay outside.
Excuse me madam, I have come to talk.
I will need you to allow me and the commander of this troop to enter to help discuss what is going on here.
He will be unarmed, of course.
We can not go He was cut off by a whip like vine hit him on the back of his leg.
Ria cleared her throat, I will need my handmaid to come along as well.
It has been awhile since we have had a properly brewed cup of tea.
I did bring my own if you wish to use it.
Ria words sounded as if the tea was the hardest part to commit to.
Fine.
The commander, your handmaid, and yourself.
No one else comes closer to my house.
Very well, Ria said happily.
My backside needs a cushioned seat after all that riding.
The door opened and Ria stepped inside showing no fear, followed by Bowie and finally Auburn.
John was left to wait outside.
As soon as Auburn cleared the door a commotion inside erupted with Fire Realm men pulling blades out of their sheaths and yelling at each other.
The door was shut and barred into place with a wood beam.
Bowie noticed Auburn had knocked an arrow and was now pointing it around the room at each of the enemy soldiers.
The gray haired woman was doing her best to put herself in front of the soldiers so Auburn would not have a clear shot.
Ria calmly walked over to the table and made herself at home, having a seat amongst the commotion.
She waved Bowie over and he sat in the chair next to her.
Ria nodded at Bowie and looked up at his hat, which he quickly snatched from his head.
The woman staring defiantly at Auburn finally spoke to Ria, Tell her to put her weapon outside.
I am sorry, that is not what we agreed to.
I told you the commander would be unarmed and he is.
Besides, it is not my maid you have to worry about.
After all, I am a wizard.
If I wanted to kill them, believe me when I say they would already be six feet under.
Ria pulled a small canister from her handbag and held it over her shoulder.
Auburn, if you would see to making us some tea.
Auburn slowly released the tension on her bow and put the arrow in her quiver on her hip.
She moved across the room to a table with a tea kettle and made sure it was full of water.
She cleared her throat while approaching the men that now stood in front of the small fire in the hearth.
When none moved Ria spoke again.
You can tell those men to put away their swords and step aside.
We are only here to talk.
One of the men cautiously returned his sword to his sheath and was followed by the other men.
Bowie counted six men as they moved away from the hearth and now stood beside the windows, peering outside.
One even moved to stand directly behind Bowie, making him feel very uncomfortable.
The old woman sat down across from Ria and was nervously glancing around at her men.
The man behind Bowie put his hand back on his blade hilt.
The ground trembled and dust fell from the rafters.
A couple stones shook loose from the wall and rolled across the floor to a stop.
Ria turned to look at the man who promptly removed his hand from his sword.
She turned back and reached a hand across the table.
My name is Ria.
I usually do not get caught up in these sort of matters, but since the king stumbled apon me using magic, I am here.
The boy name is Bowie Crescent, he is the master fletcher from the Water Realm and commander of these troops.
Now the king is recruiting children from other realms to die for his selfish causes, She retorted.
My name is Cathy Hill, and this is my home.
Cathy, it is a pleasure.
I must say I thought that you would be a bit more joyous about our wanting to enter your home when it contains the soldiers of an enemy land.
Ria was very calm with her statement.
These men are no enemy of mine.
These men choose to fight for King Rekkan because Atmos chooses not to keep his promises.
It is a wonder that Atmos thinks we will follow him at all, Cathy said fussing with a lace doily.
What promises are you talking about.
Bowie asked.
Both women looked at him, Ria did so with a bit of a scowl for defying her instructions not to speak.
The other, he was sure, was from his lack of knowledge.
Bowie never did have a knack for staying out of a conversation.
You command men in his army and you do not know why you are riding to war.
Cathy asked as she shook her head.
Bowie sat a bit straighter in his chair, I am trying to keep my men from dying in a war that we are ordered to participate in whether we like it or not.
Furthermore, I was told they invaded this land and were taking from the kingdom people.
Cathy scoffed, The people in this area of the Earth Realm do not recognize Atmos authority.
The previous King Atmos and his son on the throne have taken more from us in the last month than the Fire Realm could take from us in a year.
We gladly help the Fire Realm, as they have proper manners and are willing to pay for what they require.
Why, my husband has even chosen to work for them in their new settlement.
There was a moment of silence as Auburn set the table of tea cups and poured the tea.
She offered each person a scoop of sugar as she rounded the table.
After serving, she finally settled herself into place.
Ria then continued, We know all too well the things that King Atmos takes from this land, but it is nothing that no other king takes.
Cathy took a sip of tea, followed by Ria and Auburn as it was the woman home and was customary she drink first.
She then continued, We have not seen a soldier or guard in our town for more than the time it took to stock up on food and drink himself to sleep in the inn that he does not pay for.
The king then demands taxes, our children to fight, and any available supplies for his wars.
When he arrives this time there will be nothing left for his men to take.
Bandits, thieves, and murderers travel this part of the realm, unchecked by his so called majesty.
The men in the room nodded their heads while she ranted.
Bowie spoke out of turn, I have paid for everything that we have taken.
I was ordered to make due with what I had.
Perhaps those soldiers did this on their own and should be punished accordingly.
Cathy scoffed, There is a decree in the town hall by our mayor that we have followed.
We are to avoid the king men and to do our best to hide and stay out of their sight to stop them from intruding even more upon our town.
Auburn is it.
There is a bit of bread and butter in the cupboard there.
It is not much but it will go nicely with the tea.
Ria reached across the table and placed a comforting hand on Cathy, Thank you for your hospitality.
I will repay you as we leave.
I have a knack with plants and your seem to be a bit sparse of fruit.
Cathy raised her eyebrow, seeming unsure of what she was talking about.
Is this love for the Fire Realm men shared with many of the towns here.
It is shared with some even farther north of here, and all to the south, east, and west.
Most of the towns have sent men by night to fight at their side.
These men are all native to this land.
She held her hands up to the men in the room.
Ria looked around the room, Is this true.
Each nodded his head in turn.
One even spoke up, This is my grandmother.
Bowie was more than surprised, he was confused by the leather Fire Realm clothing that the boy wore.
He hated to ask but he did.
The men we found in the forest a couple nights ago, were they also from the Earth Realm.
Ria shook her head at the archer commander, Master Crescent, we will not go down that road.
They attacked you and I will not having you regret protecting Auburn or your own life for something you did not know.
Bowie already had his answer.
He was angry.
Angry at the men for choosing to fight him instead of just refusing to fight for the king.
He was angry at the king for not telling his men the true reasons they fought.
He was mad that he had put Auburn in a place to kill those from her own homeland.
His face reflected that anger as the blood filled his cheeks.
He pulled at his collar and clenched his jaw as she continued.
There is nothing to do about it now, Master Crescent, except do our best to change the future, Ria said trying to calm him.
Bowie looked across the table at Auburn who had stopped buttering bread.
Her naturally green eyes, now bloodshot as tears ran down her face between the tendrils of hair that had come loose from her braid.
She had killed two of them.
Bowie did not allow them time to offer excuses as he sure they would.
So a foreign king comes to town and you just decide to give him all the supplies that King Atmos would have taken, and then you join his army and try and kill your fellow country men.
Bowie asked.
Cathy grandson took a step forward and spoke up.
No.
He asked for tools and bought supplies.
When we gave it to Rekkan we knew he was different, so we joined his force.
Both his realm and our people have not had our promises fulfilled by King Atmos.
Besides, King Rekkan would not let us fight with him, we decided to fight for ourselves, the boy said.
Bowie and the boy were now shouting at each other in the small home.
You forced our hand in killing our countrymen.
You get what you deserve for forgetting where your loyalties lie.
You are nothing but cowards.
Bowie screamed.
You and your men are the ones who will not stand up to him and his wizard gang.
We are tired of being ruled, taxed, and given unjust laws just so wizards can be put into power and manipulate all of us.
Down with Atmos and down with wielders.
Cathy nephew cried.
All of the young soldiers were continuously chanting, Down with Atmos and down with wielders.
Ria let a sigh fall on ears that could not hear her sadness for their own ignorance.
The small home shook and dust fell from the rafters.
The men all stopped shouting and reached for parts of the wall to steady themselves.
Changing the subject, Ria looked at Cathy, If your husband cannot join the army, then where did he go.
They offered to let any skilled man use his talent in aiding the fortifications of the Fire Realm.
When it comes to the time for battle these workers were promised to be returned to their families.
My husband is good at cutting through these large trees.
He there to help build the defenses before Atmos arrives.
Cathy took another sip of her tea and Ria did the same.
Bowie understood there was nothing that could be done or said to change the minds of these people.
Theyd been lost to their hatred of wielders, just as they were lost to their hate of a king who offered no protection.
Living in the Water Realm he knew all too well the needs of the people in this part of the realm.
The Water Realm did not get any aid from Atmos but still had to pay taxes and supply provisions to passing soldiers and guards for other cities, while they had none permanently assigned in Humbridge.
He stood and pushed in his chair.
Auburn and Ria both finished their last sip of tea and stood by the door.
Bowie straightened his hat and spoke to Cathy, I will tell my men not to attack your men so long as they leave south bound.
They must leave this house and take no weapons or armor with them.
All of your men here will be gone before sundown.
If I come back, it will be to capture traitors of the Earth Realm and take them to King Atmos.
Please, do not be here when I come back.
Auburn picked up her bow and carried it outside and was followed closely by Ria.
Bowie met each men eye to eye before shutting the door behind himself.
Fruits turned to bright colors and filled with life as Ria walked through the garden.
Bowie watched as potatoes poked themselves from the earth and melons turned the colors of ripening fruit before his eyes.
Bowie resisted the urge to take one of the strawberries as he passed by.
The veterans had finally started to come around and spar with Chit after watching the beating he took from Captain Lorusk.
His large mule headed hilt of a sword swung at each contender with a reckless force.
He had dented many of the veterans armor as they trained against the newcomer to their ranks.
He was supposed to be the King Champion but they took it upon themselves to make sure he knew just how useless with the sword he really was.
One of the veterans decided to show Chit how to fight with the sword in a way the Captain had not tried before.
He said fighting with the sword was like dancing with a woman.
Keep two hands on the sword one on the handle and the other with hand open and palm against the blade.
Chit watched and finally a fighting style had taken hold.
The hand slid up and down the blade, guiding it, making the sword graceful and mystic.
The new style would not use Chit is strength, but bring out his more graceful side.
Chit found the fighting style easy.
Keeping his hand on the blade forced him to make careful motions to not cut himself.
He felt more restrained, more in control.
Each movement caused him to think how to move his hand along the blade or how to turn it to avoid its edge.
Lorusk watched as Chit used his new sword style to take turns fighting four different men, each with their own fighting style.
Chit was learning to combat each one quicker than he had against Lorusk.
The captain knew that very soon Chit would be a superior fighter to Kilen.
He hoped it was enough for Chit to complete his mission to kill the weapon bearer.
If the training was not enough, it meant the king would send Lorusk chasing after the weapon bearer to finish what Chit failed to do.
Chit was now pivoting on the balls of his feet to meet his opponent is sword from an overhead strike.
The vibration ran down the open palm hand supporting the blade and into his arms.
The strike was powerful and he returned it to the veterans midsection with a kick from his rear leg.
The veteran blade came free of his hand as his back hit the ground.
A soldier whispered into the captain ear, The king requests you both at once.
Lorusk waved Chit to him and turned to go through the crowd.
The large mule headed sword could be heard sliding back into its sheath.
Lorusk turned to see Chit following while sliding the leather strap over his shoulder and adjusting the hilt so that it stuck up where he could reach it.
The so called champion was shirtless and still had open wounds bleeding around his body, but it was the boy own fault so he pressed on.
The king camp always seemed to be in motion, but today would be the first day the king had traveled in at least a week.
Lorusk had the pleasure of reporting the arrival of troops by boat, foot, and horse everyday.
The camp had swelled to over one hundred thousand men.
He knew that the Fire Realm would be crushed with or without the aid of the Elder Wizards.
Captain Lorusk ducked inside the tent flaps to see the entire court of nobles and wizards inside.
He didn have to look around to know most of the nobles were ignoring what was going on and enjoying the spread of cheeses and meats on a table in the back.
Each of them laughed loudly and told stories to make themselves seem important.
Most of them quieted when they saw the brute of a champion enter the tent shirtless.
While chewing his food the king spittled the words out, We leave at first light, captain.
I will ready the camp for travel, my lord.
He clasped his fist to his chest and turned to go.
The camp will remain until such time that they are ready to travel.
We will be leaving to catch up with Sergeant Crescent.
The scouts seem to think that he has run into some sort of trouble.
Atmos started to unroll a map on the table in front of him and placed small figurines on top to hold down the edges.
An archer had represented Sergeant Crescent, and a crown to represent the king.
Small figurines on the map represented the other troops traveling on the road.
The closest was still at least a week travel away at the current traveling speed.
How many are traveling with us, my lord.
You and the champion, Lord Fustrom, the council, and as many of the mounted troops that can be made ready within the hour.
The King said, pouring himself another goblet of wine.
May I ask what kind of trouble the archer has gotten himself into.
Atmos pulled his chair close to the table and sat so he could reach parts of the map.
Small red men represented the Fire Realms troops and so far there was only one that the captain could see.
The council members stepped in close to see a detailed report.
We have totally lost contact with the archer.
Scouts have not been returning from his camp like they should be.
I have the wind wizards on another scouting mission, so we will have to investigate on our own.
Either way, the boy has traveled within a couple days of where the Fire Realm has set up defenses.
Catching up to him will grant us a more detailed look at those defenses.
We will then set up for the best possible attack.
Gather the men, I have enough wizards to keep our troops moving through the night.
It will only take us a couple days to catch up to the archer.
Make sure they are well prepared for quick journey.
Atmos said picking out a chicken leg to slide on his plate.
The captain clapped his fist against his chest, then waved Chit out of the tent.
Opening the tent flap let in a cascade of light blinding anyone who was exiting.
Chit was pulled forcefully forward through the opening and sent crashing into a weapon stack nearby.
The commotion caused Lorusk to become alarmed and he pulled his sword free, waiting for whatever danger to come through the tent flap.
He backed away so he could protect the king as needed.
Slowly, his eyes adjusted again to the dim torchlight of the tent.
A few more crashes outside were followed by an abrupt silence.
The fabric was pulled back from the outside and Alexander stepped in, wrapping his robe around himself as he always had.
The wizard showed no signs of aggressiveness so the captain stood his ground.
He had imbuements of wind and earth and was ready to give his life in protecting the king.
Alexander looked into the Captain eyes just before the tent was plunged into darkness from a swift wind.
A crash and cluttering amongst the men inside was again followed by silence.
The torches seemed to light on their own and now Mary stood in front of the king with her hands engulfed in flames.
Stand down, Mary.
I mean no harm to those that mean no harm to me, Alexander said coolly as he reached for a blueberry on a tray nearby.
Holding another berry in his hand, he pointed his finger at the king.
You, however, have some explaining to do.
I am the king.
I have nothing to explain to you.
The king pushed his way in front of Mary to face the crazy wizard.
Alexander ignored him, instead looking at the rest of the wizard council.
Brent, Mary, and an earth wizard named Scott remained silent.
The Earth Realm King has sent a weapon bearer to negotiate with the Elder Wizards.
I am one of those Elder Wizards and I have been for some time.
When Atmos found out, he sent my own student and a member of this council to assassinate me.
He paused as he chewed his last bit of fruit.
He sent a wizard council member to kill an Elder Wizard.
Brent spoke for the council as he was the most senior member left, What do you suppose we should do about that.
What do the Elder Wizards advise.
Alexander let a small grin touch his face as he continued to ignore the king furious stare.
Nothing.
I wanted to make you aware that he tries to kill those he requests help from.
He sends weapon bearers and wizards to their death with no foreseeable reason.
I wanted you to know so that when your wind wizards do not return, you will know the reason for their death.
He stepped closer to King Atmos and spoke in a whispered warning, You have made it possible for a True Weapon Bearer to be raised.
He rides now, once again to do your bidding.
The Elder Wizards have given Kilen their blessing to prevent this war and the deaths that it will surely bring.
Kilen, once again, does exactly what you ordered him to do.
He is now a weapon bearer raised by the elder wizards and his judgement is above question.
I hope that you are able to make decisions that do not draw his eye more than it already has, lest your head be cleaved from your body.
The boy does not scare me.
Atmos shouted.
Alexander turned to leave, He does not have to scare you to remove your head from your shoulders or your cushioned backside from your seat.
Remember that he is the eldest son of Dylan, your father scout, trained by Kapal, your wizard council, and accepted by the Elder Wizards.
He is no mere boy anymore.
The tents stakes were ripped from the ground as the tent rose into the air.
Alexander following, disappeared on the other side of the tent to obscure any shot from archers.
The king, council, and his nobles steadied themselves unsure what to think of Alexander warning.
Lorusk knew he needed to learn to kill wizards if he was to keep his king alive.
Chapter Sunset Max kept moving along the shore line away from Kesterton with Kilen weakly hanging on.
Despite the pirates not being seen, Kilen was sure they were in chase.
Jace said their speed by sea would help them pursue as long as they felt necessary.
Joahna would have flown back to investigate, but Kilen body was still being attacked by the poison.
He needed to be healed often to keep him in the stone, moss covered saddle.
This is far enough, Max.
We need to stop and let him recover.
Joahna commanded in his normal voice while riding on Max head as a small bird.
A voice on the wind howled, We must be back on the trail as soon as possible.
How long will it take for you to heal him.
I heal him to full strength every hour, and Max helps him with energy.
Both the healing and the energy do little to keep the toxins at bay.
We need to get them out of him.
Joahna cried out to the wind.
Max stopped and added his knowledge.
We need to use cupping to get the poison out.
Just like extracting the poison from a scorpion sting.
Of course.
Joahna exclaimed.
Why had not I thought of that.
We need to get a fire going.
A very hot fire.
Max took the form of a man and put Kilen down easily on the ocean bank out of the reach of the waves.
Max searched for pieces of dried wood and grass that would catch fire easily.
Joahna kept watch over Kilen, healing him to the point he was able to move on his own.
How are you feeling.
The icy man asked.
Kilen clutched his head with one hand and held the other up to block the sun.
I feel like I drank the entire inn stock of wine, Kilen replied.
We will have that poison out of your body soon enough.
After that you can search your book to see if Leroy left you a poison hangover remedy.
Joahna said, laughing to himself.
It is about time.
What can I do to help.
Kilen asked.
Joahna icy face smiled.
You need to start a fire when I say.
Jace will make it a bit bigger and Max will make the necessary tools to get the poison out.
How is it done.
Kilen asked.
Joahna took a moment, looking at the large stack of wood Max brought back and tossed onto the beach.
First, we make some glass cups using the sand here on the beach and a very hot fire.
Then we cool the edge of the glass cups so they can be placed on your skin.
We will reopen the wound on your leg and place the cup over it.
Using magic, I will pull the toxins to the surface of the wound and the glass bowl will suck out the poison as it cools.
It is a process called cupping.
Kilen nodded his head in understanding.
After the poison is out, I will heal you again and Max will energize your body so you can hold yourself up in the saddle.
We cannot continue to fight the toxins and expect to be able to fight a war as well, Joahna said.
Hopefully we will not have to fight a war, Kilen replied groaning as he tried to move.
Joahna let out a small laugh.
We will do our part as promised.
If there is any hope of us getting our bodies back, we need to end this war to find out how.
Kilen laid back to relax on the warm sand, I am not sure that I am ready for you to leave me on my own.
I will need a lot more lessons in the use of magic to be able to do the things you do.
Kilen, you will never be able to do the things that we do.
You will not be able to heal yourself or to melt yourself into a tidal wave.
You will never be able to travel the world as the wind or turn yourself into a horse that does not need to stop moving.
I may only speak for myself, but I for one, will stay with you as long as there is a cause to fight for justice.
I will continue to be a member of your council until the elemental realms are balanced again.
I will remain with you even with a new body, Joahna icy form stood and crossed his fist to his chest.
You would risk losing your body again to fight by my side.
Kilen asked.
What risk, Kilen.
To fight for you means to fight in a body, or as an elemental for as long as you live.
If you live, I cannot die.
I will have a body one way or the other.
Joahna stood and started to arrange the logs into a pyre.
Max made two more trips and nothing was said amongst the group as the stack of wood and dried grass began to grow.
Every few minutes Kilen felt a strong breeze curl past his body.
He often wondered if it was Jace, but no words were spoken.
It was strange to think that every breeze could be a wizard elemental spying on him.
He could see why wind wizards would be driven crazy by paranoia.
He knew as long as he had Jace around, his secrets were safe.
His limbs began to lose feeling again.
He noticed by the lack of wind on his toes as foliage swayed heavily around them.
He could feel it in his hair and cheeks but not in his fingers.
I hope this cupping works.
I am already starting to lose feeling in my fingers again, Kilen said, stretching his fingers.
Joahna returned to Kilen side and took the water skin from his bags.
Drink this.
We need as much water in your body as we can get.
Joahna poured the water into Kilen mouth as he could not grip the water skin by himself.
Kilen knew he would have died many times over if it was not for his elemental friends.
After a fourth load of driftwood, Max and Joahna made Kilen as strong as they possibly could with the poison still in his system.
The pyre was stacked twice as tall as a normal man height and packed tight as to concentrate the heat.
Max was walking around to make sure he had done all he could for the large stack of wood.
I think that is about it.
Unless you want me to get some more wood, Joahna.
We will try and make do.
I do not want to be here long.
Gather some sand into a sphere and put it in the center of the fire.
We need it to be hot enough to melt the sand together.
Max, here is the shape of the glass vessel I want you to make.
Joahna formed a small round bottom cup of ice and handed it to Max.
Only this one had a rounded bottom that would not allow its user to set it down without spilling the contents.
The mouth of the cup was a circle that was extended about a fingers length above the rounded bottom.
Kilen had seen something similar to it in the healer house once, but had never seen it used.
Max, you will need to keep the sand moving and pushing it into a tight ball until it becomes one liquid.
Jace, are you here.
A disembodied voice spoke out, I am here.
What do you need me for.
Jaee asked.
Keep the fire hot.
You will have to let it get started but once it does, I have found it is best if you used the already heated air to feed the flames.
Be careful though, if you use too much smoke the fire will go out.
Joahna replied.
No response came from the wind.
Are you ready Max.
Joahna asked.
Max gave a nod of his head as he squatted to look at his sand sphere in the center of the stack of wood.
Kilen, can you start the fire.
Kilen was actually happy that he could help with something.
He stared at a patch of the dried grass inside the large stack of wood.
He focused and felt the heat of the midday sun on the beach.
It did not take long for the pieces of grass make a pop and start being consumed by a small, hungry fire.
The flames started slow but it only took a few moments to engulf the stack of wood once Jace invigorated the flame with his wind.
The flames grew and with an imbuement of fire, Kilen welcomed the heat of the blaze.
Soon after Kilen was starting to enjoy the flames, the heat became too much.
Even with the imbuements protecting him, both Joahna and Kilen were starting to back away from the heat.
Being made of stone, Max held his ground easily.
The flames roared with the wind being pushed into them.
They twisted and formed a funnel that kept the heat inside the blackened wood tower.
Melting away, Joahna did his best to pull Kilen up the beach away from the blaze.
The farther they moved the faster Joahna started to move.
Itis almost time to remove the poison.
I need to move it to one location in your body and your wound is where most of it is gathered.
This may hurt a bit.
His warning made Kilen even more nervous about what was about to happen.
The normal cold of healing moved throughout Kilen body in waves, creeping ever closer to the now pulsing, closed wound on his leg.
Max walked away from the still burning fire on the beach, carrying a glowing glass bulb.
Joahna took a moment to examine the bulb and slowly cooled the air around it using the moisture around them.
Slowly, the glowing instrument is color dimmed as it was in its final stages of preparation.
Without notice Joahna finger turned into a small ice dagger and sliced into Kilen skin.
Kilen tried to pull away from the sharpened icicle splitting open his leg as it slowly drew open the old wound.
Max held him firmly in place.
Blood mixed with tiny black bubbles that oozed from the wound.
Kilen screamed in pain from the sudden attack to his recently healed flesh as Joahna squeezed the wound.
Max laughed a little, I have heard of opening old wounds, but was that necessary.
You are about to see the reason we made this instrument.
Joahna used ice and water to cool the rim of the bulb of glass.
It hissed as the rim cooled enough to place on Kilen skin.
The glass rim was placed around the wound opening.
Joahna cooled the outside of the rounded bottom.
Kilen screamed out as his wound and surrounding skin were slowly sucked into the glass bulb.
He watched as the wound was pulled open like a blooming flower that sprayed blood against the glass surface.
Kilen watched the globe slowly fill with blood and black bubbles of what he thought was poison.
As the blood level rose, the skin and wound lowered in the glass.
When the skin lowered so did the pain associated, allowing him to take in a breath.
Soon only the blood and flakes were left inside.
Joahna slide the bulb from his leg and let the infected blood drain into the sand.
Twice more Joahna heated the glass and cooled it while on his leg.
Each time pain was made anew, along with the screams that filled the night sky.
The blood that came out the third time was what Kilen would consider the normal red color it was supposed to be.
We should be able to fully heal you now, Joahna said carefully placing the cup on the ground to cool completely.
Kilen watched as water and earth magic assaulted his body by direction of his elemental friends.
The wound was soon closed with fresh pink skin.
He stretched and felt where the arrow had struck.
The poison had been in his body for over half a day and he hoped that it had not caused any permanent damage underneath.
Testing his limbs for strength, Kilen stood and eventually pulled his sword free.
After a few quick movements and dodging of the blade on Max part, Kilen felt whole again.
Let is get moving.
Kilen commanded.
Max melted himself into the form of a horse and Kilen loaded the pack onto his back as he would any other horse.
Before Kilen mounted he walked closer to the still burning pyre.
Give me a moment.
Kilen held out his hand and felt the fire moving with his eyes closed.
He opened himself to feeling the flames that waved and flickered amongst the wood.
Joahna knew what Kilen was trying to do, You have enjoyed welcoming the warm on your skin.
You have felt its power caress you now that you have an imbuement.
Taking in that magic is different than feeling it on your skin.
If you can draw in that power, you must do that pull it.
Feel the magic in the flames and tug it into your very heart.
Let the flames be absorbed into you.
Kilen felt the flames and felt the magic inside.
He could see the flames in his mind as they consumed the wood, reforming the earth energy into heat.
Kilen was wondrously watching the fire turn the wood earth magic from green to the red magic energy of fire.
Kilen did not try to manipulate it as Joahna had wanted, but instead he watched the energy change on its own from one form to the other.
The colors of the magic moved and flowed amongst the burning logs.
The vision of fire magic reflected in waves of heat floating into the sky where it cooled and Kilen watched it turn from red into a yellow as it floated in the wind.
It keeps changing does not it.
he said out loud to no one in particular.
Joahna stepped closer to answer, Yes.
His answer was short but somehow told Kilen there was more of an answer waiting behind his voice.
Kilen waited for the answer that eventually came, I was once told that energy could not be created or destroyed.
It can only be altered or manipulated.
Being a wielder means having the ability to force that energy to do your will.
You, Kilen, have the ability to see it in every form, it is something that I cannot do.
Is that what you are seeing.
Kilen took a moment to watch the elemental energy in all it is forms.
Not all of it changes.
Some of it disappears.
Joahna cocked his head to the side in confusion.
I am watching it and as it moves from form to form, it loses some energy.
If it cannot be created or destroyed, where does it go.
Joahna rubbed the fosted stubble on his face, Perhaps there are more types of magic than even you can see.
Perhaps you have yet to be able to see spirit energy, or it is turning to soul magic energy.
I had not considered that I may be able to see soul magic or spirit magic, if it exists.
Kilen said stepping away from the fire.
We have to consider everything.
You are exploring magic that has not had it is limits tested, Joahna said.
Joahna and Max stood staring at Kilen.
At least he thought they were staring at him.
He thought that perhaps he would test something right where they were.
We have discovered many things about my ability purely on accident.
Otherwise I would not have tried these small things.
When I was stripped of my imbuements we had no idea you would stay in the elemental.
If there is a small chance that I may lose you and not be able to keep my promise, I will not risk testing my abilities further.
Kilen said turning his back on them.
Max, still in horse form, spoke with his former human voice, Perhaps test a spirit when we find another one collected by accident.
Kilen was irritated at the suggestion, Any spirit I have the unfortunate circumstances to collect will fall under the same promise I have given you.
I will do my best to return them to their body.
Kilen moved away from the fire and mounted Max as if he was a horse.
Only a horse.
Joahna placed an icy hand on Kilen leg, Some day you will take in a spirit that is unwilling or unbelieving of your ability.
He will combat your mind everyday he remains in you.
You must face facts that when this happens you may have no choice to find a way to push him out.
Whether it kills him or not.
You cannot expect to collect these spirits without truly losing the room in your mind to contain your own spirit, either whole or in part.
We should know how to rid ourselves of them before we obtain one.
If I can hold onto every spirit I come across, I will.
I will not make the choice to lose one.
Who am I to decide what spirits should be saved.
No response came from any of his spirit friends, It is getting late.
He kicked Max into movement.
Kilen was more than a little irritated at the others willingness to experiment with new spirits coming into his mind.
He was mad that they could so easily press these tests on those so recently dead.
Kilen knew these were people, with or without a body.
Cathy had exited her home several times to collect the vegetables and fruit in the garden that Ria had grown for her.
Bowie was sure the plants would continue to grow in days to come as long as he did not have to burn the home down.
So far none of the turncoats had excited the home in order to escape, forcing Bowie hand in destroying them.
Two of the windows facing the road approaching the house now had their shutters open.
The movement inside seemed to increase as the sun started to drift down towards the horizon Bowie had given orders that no one was to be harmed as long as they left the cottage and headed south with no weapons.
He knew he could not afford to have the Earth Realm boys turned Fire Realm, double back and attack his men in the night.
John had suggested that each of Bowie men should be holding a torch as the time neared to the sun setting on the horizon.
John in a saddle at Bowie side finally spoke, What happens if they do not leave.
Bowie cleared his throat of frustration that felt lodged in place, knowing that he had already lost one of his soldiers because of the men in the cottage.
We do what we promised to do I will fire the shot that burns the house down.
No need to give that command to one of the men who grew up in the Earth Realm.
I just hope for that woman sake, none are left inside.
Charger danced underneath his weight.
By now the horse was use to walking long distances and no longer wanted to stand still.
I think after this is done, I will need a drink.
I think the men would like one also, and not just because they are tired of carting it around instead of putting more men in wagons, John said smiling as if he had told a joke.
We have a wagon full of ale.
Bowie asked turning in his saddle.
John let out a small chuckle which was unlike him, I have been keeping the men from it because we needed to keep our heads about us.
It could be the reason they like you more than me.
You could have easily told them I was keeping it from them, John.
Bowie said fighting Charger eager dancing.
We have been going to battle each and everyday for a week, whether or not we actually find a fight.
The men need to have no hatred or doubts about your leadership.
They need to have every reason to follow you into battle and none to want to put an arrow in your back.
What protects your back from arrows.
Bowie looked at John eyes, trying to understand him.
Your respect for me.
They respect you, and because of that, they trust your choice in me as your second.
John said it without a doubt of conviction on his voice.
How much do we have.
Bowie asked without looking away.
A entire wagon of ale casks and half of a second with wine.
It would have been more but we needed the space for tents.
Bowie smiled, We will go no further carrying it with us.
When this is over we will divide it up between the men so that everyone gets their share.
The men on sentry duty need to make sure to stay sober.
I am sure they will enjoy your order to get rid of it.
Bowie looked again at John eyes to ensure he took his next statement as an order, My order was to dispose of it.
Your decision was to distribute it to the men.
His look was not answered by John but interrupted by the small house door opening.
Cathy stepped outside and looked about her yard to find the men guarding her house.
Cathy and Bowie said nothing to one another only sat staring across the distance.
A man in a red leather outfit stepped out of the door behind her carrying a sword.
He tossed it to the ground and jogged off into the trees.
After a moment, another exited and did the same, only in another direction.
Bowie counted the men that ran out of the house in this fashion until only one was left behind.
Bowie waited a few more moments and then nudged Charger towards the house.
He said nothing and did not raise a weapon to the gray haired woman.
She wrung her hands on her apron as he approached, wiping the foods stuffs from her fingers.
The last one is in no condition to travel.
I will have to care for him until I can get a healer to see him.
Bowie removed his hat before dismounting.
He held Charger reins in his hands as he approached.
That is fine maam.
I will have one of my men with skills in healing come and take a look.
His name is Bobby.
I will need you to admit a couple other men to ensure his safety as well.
She bowed her head in appreciation, Thank you for your help.
I do hope this whole situation is resolved with little bloodshed.
Our towns cannot survive with the losses of those boy lives.
You have my promise that as long as they do not fight me, I will not fight them.
Her mouth turned sideways, That is what I am afraid of.
I keep telling those boys this is not the way, but they are young both in age and in wisdom.
There was an awkward silence so Bowie let out a half bow and remounted Charger.
I will see that my surgeon comes by soon.
He tipped his hat hand started to turn the horse away when she moved to him and placed a hand on his leg.
See to it that you thank the wizard for saving my garden.
It will get me through the summer and possibly the winter as well, Cathy said.
I will give her your message.
Good day, Ms.
Hill, Bowie said.
Bowie made his way towards John and watched Cathy move amongst the revived plants in the garden, collecting any extra fruits.
A wave of John arm gathered in the archers in the trees and they started the march back to camp.
The men in the back seemed on edge as they followed.
Each had an arrow in their bow at the ready.
They kept glancing into the woods.
Their being nervous made Bowie nervous and he wondered if hed made a good decision in letting the traitors go.
John, make sure this group is the one to dispose of the casks.
John nodded and looked back to see a couple of men already starting to smile.
Their camp sites had evolved since they first started to travel.
Senturies challenged them as they came up the road in the dark.
Bowie called out the password which changed every day.
Today word was Cartwheel.
Bowie often picked a random item that he saw as he exited his tent.
They never wrote down the word and never used the same word twice.
He was getting tired of picking new ones and started using the first item he saw.
John shouted out the password and they continued into the camp.
The outside of the camp was set up with sentries in the trees on both sides of the road.
A clearing had been made between the trees and first row of tents.
The tents made a large ring around the center of camp in three circles.
All the supplies were in the center of the camp so if an enemy was able to enter, all the archers could gather in the middle and fight their way out.
The wagons in the middle contained the arrows, weapons, and armor they would need to fight.
Tents housing those of a higher rank were in the center with the scouts and fletchers.
Bowie had a couple of long days and this was his chance to get freshened up before he had a drink.
He entered his dark tent and reached outside to grab a small torch.
A lamp was on the table, so he lit it and put the torch back outside.
When he returned inside he drew a knife from his belt as something moved in his cot.
Turning up the wick in the lamp, the tent was flooded by light.
Beneath the far edge of the blanket he could see a mass of red hair.
Slowly he sheathed his knife.
Auburn.
A snort from underneath the blankets made him think perhaps it was not the girl.
He reached over to pull off the blanket.
Do not think about climbing in here with me.
I told you before, I will not be that kind of girl.
I just needed somewhere to escape Ria.
Auburn sat up holding the blanket over her shoulders.
Can you hand me my pants and turn around.
Bowie said nothing, only frantically searched the tent for her pants which he found at the foot of the cot.
Ever since we got back from that house she has been trying to convince me not to join the Fire Realm.
Not that I would.
She stopped talking for a moment and Bowie nervously stared at the tents door, waiting.
Auburn shoulder rubbed up against his as she moved past him to stand in his sight.
Thanks for letting me get some sleep.
Bowie nodded.
They will be distributing the ale and wine tonight so make sure your men get their share.
Auburn stepped closer and straightened a part of his vest.
Are you trying to get me drunk as well.
I just wanted to, Bowie had grown tired of playing this game with her.
He might have been just plain tired.
Either way, he was done trying to act like a gentlemen while she pushed him to be everything but.
Just get out.
I need to get some sleep as well.
He waved his hand as her face looked to take on a bit of anger.
He took off his vest and started to brush the dirt from it with his hand.
He sat on his bed and started to pull off his boots and ignored Auburn, still standing in the tents doorway.
Slowly she backed out of the tent and left him alone.
The night air was already starting to cool off.
The gentle breeze coming through his tent felt good so he left his wool shirt on and layed down on the already warm cot.
He heard some of the men already starting to cheer and a dulcimer was taken out to provide a tune to dance to.
He was sure that with the lack of women in camp, his men would not wear themselves out dancing.
He closed his eyes and listened to the music and the sound of his tent flaps in the breeze.
Bowie felt his chest get heavy like his eyelids.
The days of travel to Deuterium followed by the forced march to where his camp is now had taken a toll on his mind and body.
The warm night and cool breeze helped make his eyes close as he started to drift off to sleep.
He descent, common in.
The voice that startled Bowie awake was John.
Bowie head was thick, like he had just gone to sleep.
He wondered if he had gotten any rest at all.
Is it morning.
Bowie asked, rubbing his eyes.
Ria and Auburn stepped in the tent and turned up the lamp so everything could be seen well.
It is just past dark, Master Crescent, Ria voice sounded irritated.
He was sure he would find out why soon enough.
I just laid down.
What is so important that you need to wake me up.
Bowie pulled on his boots.
I tried to tell them you were not in the mood to be trifled with, Sergeant.
Auburn remained close to the tents door.
Her voice also sounded irritated, but Bowie knew that could be because Ria was close by.
He also noted her use of his rank when she addressed him, that could not be good.
Ria sat down on the empty stool, I would like to know what you intend to do about the locals.
I intend to let them get a good night is sleep.
The same thing I had planned for myself before you woke me up.
Bowie stood up and looked right at Ria, Before you start conjuring a plant to punish me, just know you are in MY tent, and I did not invite you here.
Bowie waited but no whip of a plant came and Ria said nothing in retort.
I told you.
Auburn piped in.
She let out a yelp shortly after.
Apparently Ria had no qualms about punishing her.
It may be his tent but I can still correct your manners, young lady.
Auburn rubbed her backside as Bowie watched a root sink itself back into the ground.
She turned back to Bowie, You are awake now, perhaps we can discuss what you plan to do.
Bowie sat back down and offered a seat to John and Auburn who refused with a shake of her head.
These men from the Earth Realm may be traitors but they are not our enemies.
They just want what is right for their people.
I know all too well the hardships King Atmos puts on the Water Realm.
I liked it better when they were not in our way.
I would have rather traveled to the battle without having to fight our own people to get there.
Well spoken, but that does not answer my question.
Ria said smoothing her dress, Now, what is it you intend to do.
Bowie thought for a moment and then decided to think out loud, I do not think the king would like us to attack his country men.
They all nodded in agreement.
But, I do not think he will stand for them to have joined the enemy.
We need to find a way to keep them from attacking the king forces and get them away from the Fire Realm army before he gets here.
John offered his opinion, I do not think we are going to stop them from helping the Fire Realm.
Ria scooted closer to the edge of her stool, I believe you are both correct.
May I offer my thoughts on the situation.
Bowie nodded and waved a hand around for her to get on with it.
Well, seeing as now we have some of them on the run, perhaps we should follow and make a presence in each town.
We do not have to fight or see the traitors hung.
We simply ride in and let them know we know of their treacherous behavior and give them a reason to stay out of the way, Ria said holding out her hands as if to invite comments.
Bowie snapped back.
Ria did not speak but looked deep in thought, so Auburn spoke out in a whisper, Their families.
All except Bowie nodded their head in agreement, even if Ria was a little slower than the rest.
By the Brights.
So we ride into town and as we pass through we shout out that if they do not stop acting like traitors, their families will pay the price.
Bowie asked as he put on his second boot.
Auburn stepped forward and finally took a seat on the cot next to Bowie.
We ride into town and we ask they simply stay out of the way.
We warn them that if Atmos were to find out that they were helping the Fire Realm, they would all suffer the consequences.
Tell them all that the few who help the Fire Realm put everyone in danger.
We ask for nothing and we take nothing.
We simply give them the warning and ride on.
What if we need food supplies.
Bowie asked.
John finally spoke up, With the meat that we bring in each day and Ria growing some grains and beans, we will not need food.
We need to spread the word.
I think it is as important to us as to the men.
Ria nodded her head in agreement again, Doing this will not only help this part of the Earth Realm survive but will also keep this troop together.
Your men will have confidence that we are doing the right thing.
It will keep them stable in their mind about who the true enemy is.
Fine.
We will leave late morning, as some of the men have need of more rest than usual.
Has the drink been distributed.
Yes, it has been disposed of.
The men will be ready by early morning if you want them to be.
There was not that much drink given to each once it was spread out evenly.
I have your bottle here.
John pulled a bottle of wine from his satchel and handed it to Bowie.
Bowie turned it over in his hands and held it out to Ria.
Here, can you hold onto this for me.
I have no need of it now.
Perhaps I will open it when this battle is over.
I will keep it safe.
I have something for you as well.
Ria took the wine and pulled out her small leather pouch.
Bowie had seen it before.
It contained beads of metal, all imbued with earth magic.
She took out a single bead and undid the clasp on Bowie chainger bracelet.
She strung on the bead so it rested against the wind imbuement he already had.
You all have proven yourselves worthy of my magic by taking care of these men.
I have one of these for each of you.
Ria handed a bracelet to John who visibly flexed at its touch.
Bowie had come to get use to touching imbuements since his travel with Kilen.
He let out a small laugh at John lack of experience.
Ria pulled a second pouch from her robe pocket.
The pouch was purple velvet and had a yellow drawstring to keep it closed.
Carefully, she opened the pouch and extracted a polished silver bracelet.
The bracelet had a hinge on one side that allowed a quarter of the metal to swing upward for putting on the wrist.
She held it out to Auburn who reluctantly held out her right arm.
Hold your breath, Ria said in a gentle voice.
Auburn did and the bracelet was clasped around her wrist.
She turned her hand and Bowie finally saw the design.
It was unlike anything he knew a blacksmith could make.
The polished silver shined in the lamp light with metal vines that twisted and wove their way around Auburn wrist.
Bowie knew the feeling of having your strength multiplied by magic and watched Auburn experience it for herself.
You will eventually need to breathe, Auburn.
I would have given it to you sooner to be able to protect yourself from the men of this camp, but traveling has made it difficult to collect the necessary Silver.
Besides I still needed to know what kind of woman you were before giving it to you, Ria said to the girl as if revealing something unseen.
Auburn slowly started to breath but did not attempt to stand or move any muscles.
You all will need to learn how to use your new imbuements and I will do my best to teach you on the road, Ria said putting the pouches back in their place.
I have already learned a bit of earth magic, Bowie spoke up.
My best friend is a weapon bearer, as you all know.
I was there when he was learning to use it.
I took the chance to learn what I could.
Ria stood and smoothed her dress, I just want you to use it to survive and help those men survive as well.
Ria turned to go out the tent when Auburn finally spoke, It is beautiful.
Slowly she stood and carefully wrapped her arms around the wizard.
Thank you, Ria.
When she pulled her head back Bowie and John could see past the mass of red hair, both of the women were crying.
One minute they hated each other, the next they were crying out thanks.
Bowie would be glad to be rid of the pair, and this war.
Ria smiled, Why child, it is nothing but a piece of metal.
Auburn continued to cry as she sobbed out the words, It is the most beautiful thing have I ever seen.
A commotion could be heard outside and a ruffled Alexander burst through the tent door, surprised to find everyone inside.
Bowie practically jumped up to pass the wizard by.
He bounded through the flaps and held out his hands to the men so they would not come into the tent attacking.
The few men who managed to see Alexander were stumbling and trying to get to weapons and were nowhere near his tent.
The others were still singing and dancing, oblivious to Alexander arival.
He waved the few alert men away and returned to the tent.
The tent now reminded him of the cramped wagon that Ria called a home.
Alexander had taken Bowie spot on the cot so Bowie spread his feet wide and crossed his arms waiting an explanation.
I am glad to see you all gathered here.
I am afraid this is the last time I will be visiting you with news.
You have made very good distance from the king but he is rapidly approaching with some of his more powerful wielders and the council in tow.
He has sent his wind wizards to track me down and kill me, calling me a traitor.
Alexander held up his hands to stop them from asking questions, but Auburn caught his eye.
Why, that is simply a beautiful piece and it fits you so well.
Ria made it for me.
She said with a bubbly voice.
Bowie had never heard her speak like that before, even when she was excited to be along on the hunt.
Can we get back to the part where bloody wizards are chasing you.
Bowie interrupted.
Of course.
Alexander pulled out a map and ran his fingers across his surface.
Here is where you are.
This is where the Fire Realm has made their fortifications.
The king has started to travel from here and has enough earth wielders to ride swiftly.
He will not stop day or night until he arrives.
You see, Kilen has made contact with the Elder Wizards.
Ria spoke with intent as she took her seat back on the stool.
Are they coming to join the fight, Alexander.
No, no.
They have sent a true weapon bearer to negotiate the outcome of this disagreement without fighting.
A true weapon bearer has not been raised in years.
Who did they send.
Ria asked as the others struggled to keep up with the conversation.
Kilen has taken the mantle of True Weapon Bearer in the old ways.
Ray has trained him in that short time and he now races to stop this war.
He marked his map in a mountain range near the ocean.
I saw Kilen here last.
Alexander pointed to a spot on the coast near the mountains.
He moves almost as swift as a wind wizard and will be there in a couple days.
We must prevent the king from progressing to war too soon.
We have to give Kilen time to convince King Elric Rekkan to remove his troops.
Ria took a quill off the desk and marked the spots on the map, Kilen has more to deal with than he knows.
The Earth Realm is on the brink of a civil war, Alex.
Bowie men have already defended themselves against the citizens of this realm.
King Rekkan has recruited from the Earth Realm.
Alexander asked.
Bowie finally forgot about the impending wind wizards that could have followed Alexander to his camp and focused on the discussion at hand.
The people in the southern region of the Earth Realm are tired of paying taxes and being taken from without anything in return.
It is the same as the people in the Water Realm.
They give because it is law to pay taxes, and then traveling troops take what they need, leaving the citizens to die of hunger, disease, or at the hand of bandits.
Ria barged in, The citizens here would be found as traitors if they fight beside King Rekkan men.
Fortunately, King Rekkan has denied them.
They decided instead to let King Atmos know how they feel by fighting the Earth Realm army on the way to battle.
We have a plan to stop this from happening, but we can only do it so long as we stay in front of King Atmos.
You will need to start moving then.
He is on his way and has a large enough stock of earth imbuements to keep his men moving at all hours.
If you want to stay ahead of him, you will have to press forward hard and hope your horses are faster.
Alexander stood, Bowie, I am sorry.
Once again I do not have time to train you.
I must reach Kilen to help him find a way to talk to King Rekkan without killing either of them.
Bowie got in Alexander way as he tried to exit the tent.
You said that King Atmos wizards are following you.
How close are they.
How many are there.
Will they know that you stopped in our camp.
Alexander let out a small laugh, Of course they will know I stopped in your camp.
The king is upset because I am an Elder Wizard in his midst and the Elders have refused to fight this war.
They also have not killed Kilen as Atmos thought they would.
The fact that I stopped to talk to you gives him no reason to put you in harm.
Alexander took as step closer, laying a hand on Bowie shoulder, Besides, three of the wielders are in your camp already.
You might want to grab your hat before it blows away.
Alexander let a mischievous smile reach his face and Bowie lunged for his hat.
When he looked up Alexander had already started to walk away.
Mica stood in between a man and woman with small daggers drawn in each hand.
Each of the three wore a robe, black in color.
Although Bowie had never seen Mica wearing black, it seemed to fit his mood.
Bowie watched as an invisible war seemed to take place in the open space.
He watched each man grunt and take heavy breaths without moving a single muscle.
Alexander simply clenched his fists with eyes closed as the others started to sweat.
The female in the robes took one step forward and threw her dagger at Alexander.
The blade tumbled end over end as it approached him.
Bowie barely had time to flinch before the blade was deflected into the open night sky.
The small action made Bowie close his eyes.
Alexander had not moved from his spot but with eyes shut, Bowie could see him using the wind imbuement.
Bowie watched the normally unseen battle take place in the middle of their camp.
Wind between the wizards pushed, pulled, and deflected attacks of its same type.
Bowie was mesmerized, for what seemed to be a small brush of wind was a torrent of attacks canceling each other out.
He was standing amongst a wind wizard battle and one that only a few could see what truly was happening.
Mica, I told you that attacking me would do no good.
A student like yourself cannot defeat the teacher.
I have learned lessons that I will never teach you, Alexander said while flipping a silvery disk through his agile fingers.
You are no longer my teacher.
We have orders to bring you to justice.
Mica said in retort.
Congratulations, Alexander said, taking a bow and still fighting an unseen fight.
I have been brought to justice for all my wrongdoings.
To what crime am I being brought to justice for.
Disobeying your king orders.
Mica took a step forward and his rear foot was grappled by a vine that now wound itself up his leg.
I have no king yet, Mica.
You know that wizards are subject to no king unless an elemental king has risen.
Since your so called king has been in his throne, he has done everything to stop that from ever happening.
Your king has done so little right that even now the citizens of the Earth Realm seek to unseat him.
Alexander voice was calm and filled with conviction.
Mica pulled at the vine anchoring him to the ground as he tried to get close to Alexander, then turned his blade against the vine freeing himself.
You follow the ways of the Elder Wizards who do nothing for the world.
They only serve themselves.
Their laws mean nothing to me or my king.
If you choose to bring justice on me for a crime I did not commit, I pray the brights have mercy on you, Mica.
A true weapon bearer has been raised, I pray that you not cross his path.
The day you do cross him, only the brights will save you from your deeds.
Alexander walked amongst the magical attacks as if they did not exist.
Between the tents, he walked away from the fight without injuring anyone.
Vines grew from the ground latching on to each of the three wizards.
The vines constricted and pulled them to a kneeling position in front of Bowie.
Ria showed no fear facing the three kneeling wind wizards.
Vines reached up to grab their necks.
The tendrils started to constrict their throats, threatening to bring them to darkness.
I serve the old ways as well, mind you.
Do not cross me either or the weapon bearer will be the least of your worries.
Ria walked away and left the three wizards to struggle with the binding that she had captured them in.
Bowie walked amongst them and waved over one of his men with a sword.
Free them.
They are the kings wizards and are welcome in our camp.
Tyler, see to it that some food is made for them.
I am sure they will want to be on their way soon.
Tyler nodded and disappeared into the campfires to find food for the wizards.
The vines were cut off of the unexpected guests and Bowie stood waiting for them to speak.
Dangerous friends you keep, archer.
Mica checked the folds of his robes, for what, Bowie did not understand.
You will have a report written, for delivery to the king by one of my men.
We will go as soon as that is prepared.
Bowie straightened his hat, You will be waiting for a while.
I have not had a good night sleep in close to three days, and I have already been interrupted twice tonight.
Some of my men will show you to the scout is tents for you to rest.
I am not sure there is any ale or wine left but you are welcome to some if there is.
He walked off leaving the wizards standing in the open space.
He saw the wind form in front of him as Mica was preparing to force him to write the report.
An arrow streaked past Bowie and through a fold in Mica robe to land in a fire behind him.
How many arrows can you stop, Wizard.
If you so much as look at me wrong you will be a pincushion, and your men, practice dummies for my archers.
Bowie spoke as he stared at Auburn who remained just outside the fire light with her wizard grown bow pulled back as far as her strength would allow.
We are on the same side, Mica.
Besides, you and your two friends look like you could use a good night is sleep as well.
Bowie ducked into his tent as the magic that had formed in front of him disappeared into the surrounding air.
He wished he knew how to control it.
The ability sure would have come in handy.
Chapter A Leader The sound of Ria and Auburn whispering outside Bowie tent had brought him awake.
He listened for a moment to hear what they were whispering about.
Ria was giving Auburn lessons on how to grow plants with her newly acquired imbuement.
The rest of the camp seemed to be non existent or moved so quiet that Auburn whispers were the noisiest thing in camp.
He dressed in his fancy clothes with the bright green trim.
He checked the bow strings before putting them in his pocket.
A small plate of fruit, cheese, and meat was on his table.
He ate until the plate was empty.
When he had finally laid down he was so tired that he did not remember much before collapsing into bed.
He knew Mica would need a report and now that Alexander had a night to disappear, he wanted Mica out of his camp.
He wrote a short report saying the problems they are running into with the locals being defiant.
He avoided saying anything that would make the king think the locals had taken up arms against their own king.
He gave the number of arrows they had amassed.
When they arrived near the battle site he would be able to complete the needed arrows before the rest of the army arrived.
Using a candle, he sealed the letter with wax and pressed an arrow head into the seal.
He knew that getting enough sleep would help clear his mind and help him focus, but today he seemed himself.
Bowie was seeing the world clearer than he had ever before.
Looking back on journey from Deuterium, he now thought that he had made some horrible decisions.
He had given in too easily to a pompous merchant.
He had divided his forces to attack the enemy on the road.
He had totally forgotten about letting his men have some down time.
He even managed to leave his tools with a blacksmith who could have destroyed them.
He had lived from one moment to the next, not considering the outcome of his choices before he made them.
In the past, Bowie had always thought of the future working in the now to prepare for the later.
He was confused by what had changed that enabled him to think clearly.
His hands dropped from his head and he saw the lamp light reflect off the bracelet he wore.
The bracelet now had two beads of imbuements one of wind and one of earth.
Imbuements always effected a wielders emotions until they were able to control them.
He remembered from Kilen training that wind magic made a person erratic.
The wind magic had pushed him to be erratic and out of his normal state of mind.
The earth magic he now wielded must have helped stabilize his emotions and decisions.
He knew with the balance restored, he could be the leader he was supposed to be.
He put on his jacket and tucked the report inside.
Bowie took the hat from the desk and walked out the flaps of his tent to trample flowers just outside.
Ria and Auburn stood from where they were kneeling outside.
Ria spoke first, placing a hand on Auburn shoulder.
Sergeant Crescent, I hope you slept well.
May I speak to you privately for a moment.
Auburn looked everywhere except at Bowie, as if she were searching for something.
Ria glanced at Auburn a couple of times and then back to Bowie.
He noticed that there were flowers surrounding his tent and Ria shook her head as he opened his mouth to question them.
Where should we talk.
He asked pointing at his tent and shrugging his shoulders.
I think that my wagon would be a better place to speak privately, Ria said nodding to Auburn.
Bowie held out his hand for her to lead the way as she did.
They walked away from Auburn but the girl soon followed, pulling the bow from where she had worn it over her shoulder.
She knocked an arrow and followed, still looking around.
The action made Bowie nervous he felt as if someone could attack at any moment.
He looked back at Ria who continued to shake her head and motioned Bowie to follow with her hand.
Her wagon remained close to the center of the camp.
John was walking around keeping his eye on everyone packing up.
He saw Bowie and started to shout for the men to start waking everyone.
Ria closed the door behind Bowie and locked it from the inside.
I am sorry.
Each person has a different reaction to magic.
Yes, I wish I had been carrying an earth imbuement to keep my head on straight.
I have realized the bad decisions I have made from wearing the wind imbuement.
Bowie sat on one of the stools.
You believe that you are thinking clearer now.
She asked as she poured a cup of cold tea and taking the seat across from him.
I do.
What is wrong with Auburn.
She apparently has set it in her mind that she is supposed to protect you He spit out the tea he had taken a sip of.
She barely knows how to hold the bow.
Ria wiped up the tea he spit out on the table clicking her tongue, You very well know the effects of wielding magic.
She has set her goal as protecting you.
She spent the entire night watching over your tent.
She was holding the bow, threatening to kill anyone that came near you until I convinced her to start learning how to use magic.
Even then she would not leave sight of it.
So that is why there are flowers outside my tent.
He finally remembered to take off his hat, and wondered why she had not scolded him.
I feel as if I disrupted your whole camp here.
I will not be telling you how to run an army when I have a hard time just being around others.
I forget that common people do not fully understand magic, what it can do, and how it affects you.
Ria slumped in her chair.
It was the first time that Bowie had seen her do that.
Are you getting enough rest.
You look as though you are tired.
He reached across the table and put his hand near the wizard.
It is not that.
I do not spend a lot of time with wizards or with non wielders.
I sometimes have a hard time understanding them.
The wagon is my home.
I call home to wherever my wagon rests for the night.
I usually do not get caught up in politics but this time I was in the wrong town picking up supplies when the king came through.
I feel as though all of my efforts are for nothing.
Ria made a second swipe at the spit tea on the table.
I assure you that we would not be here if it was not for your skills and efforts.
Now, did you say she has been outside my tent all night.
Bowie asked.
Yes, last night there was a discussion between you and Mica.
Whatever you said caused her to fixate on protecting you.
I am afraid that until she learns to control her magic, her only goal in life is to protect you.
Bowie pulled his hand back, Now that is not necessarily a bad thing.
She is skilled with the bow, and is picking up magic pretty quickly.
Ria stood and moved about the room growing and collecting berries.
She pulled some dried meat out of her cupboard and pulled loaf of bread from another.
We need to get her to eat something.
She says that she fine but refuses to eat until you have.
I just ate a whole plate of food.
He stood to go but she caught his arm.
I think if you would let me bring you some food to eat in front of her, she would eat.
I need you to just go along with whatever I say so you can understand her devotion to protect you.
Bowie nodded in acceptance.
Go ahead then.
I will be out with food for you and her in a bit.
Sergeant Crescent, please let me know if you wish to learn about earth magic, She said pointing at the imbuement.
I will, thank you.
I have some things I need to take care of.
He opened the door and put on his hat as it closed behind him.
Auburn was at his side in a moment, looking about as if expecting an attack.
Auburn, would you come with me.
I have to see to getting Mica on his way with this report.
He tapped his jacket where the pocket was inside.
I would like to see him out of the camp as well.
She followed behind Bowie and continued to check the area while she walked.
Bowie stopped to face her and she almost ran into him, Are you looking for someone.
I uhm.
We are behind enemy lines.
We could be attacked at any moment, She said sticking her chin out at the trees.
Auburn, I think we are perfectly fine here in the center of camp.
Unstring that bow and look at what you are doing or you might stick me with the arrow you have in your hand.
Bowie waited until she reluctantly put the arrow away and held the bow a bit more casually.
Besides, you are making me nervous, looking around like that all the time.
Relax, we are safe here.
She nodded her head and put a strand of loose hair behind her ear.
Bowie continued on to the tents they had set aside for scouts.
They had not received any scouts for days, but they continued to construct them just in case.
Mica and the other two wizards were all sitting near a smoldering fire with a bowl of mush.
Good morning gentlemen.
I hope you slept well.
Bowie took a seat on a log and awaited a response.
Your camp is well organized.
I will report the number of arrows to King Atmos as soon as I can.
Mica put another spoon of mush into his mouth.
Bowie wondered why he was eating mush when the camp had such an overwhelming amount of meat.
Auburn, these men should have more than just this to eat.
See if you can fetch us all some meat.
Auburn immediately got up to fetch the food, Do you all like venison.
They each nodded and Auburn went to another fire pit and sent a soldier to get the meat.
Bowie noticed that she did not take her eyes off of the three wielders.
I have drafted a report for you to deliver.
I will let you know that we will leave this morning and will not be stopping until we come as close to the battle ground as we care to.
There a sort of resistance that is building amongst the populations here and we wish to be past it before we lose any more men.
You mentioned something along those lines last night.
Mica said as he disposed of the rest of his mush.
A soldier approached with a stick of meat for each and then immediately started to take down the scout tents.
We ran into some of the locals that actually wanted to hunt us.
Seven of my men, including Auburn, were able to dispatch ten and run off about seven more.
We caught up to them and were able to talk them into surrendering.
They have all returned to their homes without weapons.
Bowie explained while examining discarded arrow parts on the ground.
You let the traitors go.
Mica said, standing.
You call them traitors.
I say they are scared of being killed by the Fire Realm so they did what they thought was right.
They have stopped with their fight and if they choose to pick up weapons against the king men again, I will hold them accountable.
Bowie started to reach for a stick of meat but stopped to remember that Ria would be by to feed him and Auburn soon.
We are going to move fast down the road and warn other towns about what treachery will get them.
We are doing what we think is necessary to have the king look merciful.
Mica, still looking agitated, The king will appear to the common folk as he wants.
He does not need your help.
Bowie stood and pulled his hat on tighter to keep his temper under control.
I did not do it to make the king look good.
My men are just as tempted to be a traitor when the men they fight are ones they grew up with.
You should be out of my camp as soon as possible.
If the king wants me to stop, I will need a written order.
So you had better be on your way to get to him and back before I reach the battlefield.
Have a safe journey, wizard.
Bowie started to walk away and watched roots reach out of the ground to cover Auburn boots.
Bowie bet that she was anchoring herself to the ground.
He watched as she pulled an arrow from her bow and had it knocked before he could signal her to stop.
He turned and with the wind vision, he watched Mica start to move the air in front of him.
Neither of the two moved or attacked, but Bowie knew it would not end well if he did not stop it.
He did not know how much he could manipulate Auburn but there was no time to test it.
Auburn, if you choose to fight him you will not be around to fight beside me later.
It took a moment but she began to bite her lip and then lowered the bow and released tension on the string.
That is twice your archer here has raised a weapon to me, Mica spat.
Bowie watched as the wind magic dissipated and smiled, Did you hear that, Auburn.
I think he just made you an archer.
Congratulations on joining the army, I will see that you get your pay.
She smirked at the comment and flashed a bigger smile at Mica as if it was what she really wanted.
The vines around her feet loosened and she followed Bowie back towards his tent.
Just as she had promised, Ria walked up to him with a covered plate.
I found this with a note for you.
It has everything you need for a good meal before we get you back on the road.
Are you hungry.
Ria lowered her head and raised her eyebrows as if to say, yes you are hungry.
I am famished, Bowie said taking the plate from her.
I have not had a bite to eat since midday yesterday Ria smiled and pulled the napkin from the plate, I know that John usually sees that your plates are brought to you straight from him because of the chance for poisoning.
I did not see him but this plate was in the usual place.
I am sure he has been so busy packing up the camp that he did not want to wait around.
He understood what she wanted now, I am sure it is fine.
Why would anyone want to poison me here.
He picked up a piece of cheese and started it towards his mouth.
That food could be from anyone.
Auburn knocked the cheese from his hand and snatched the plate from him.
I will find you some food that has been properly cooked and poison free.
I am sure it is fine, Auburn.
Just give it to me, I am famished.
Bowie started to pull the plate back and Auburn popped a piece of cheese in her mouth chewing furiously.
Bowie held tightly onto the plate as she took a piece of each type of food.
She spit a bit as she tried to talk through the food in her mouth, You had better hope these are not poisoned.
I am doing this for you.
Ria smiled, You better test the whole plate.
What if only one piece is poisoned.
Auburn stopped chewing with a wad of food in her cheek, You made this, did not you.
Ria nodded and Bowie spoke, Auburn, I know you want to protect me, but I have a camp full of soldiers for that.
Eat your food and get packed for the road.
I need your fletchers to be prepared to make arrows as we travel.
Auburn held onto the plate as Bowie walked away.
She swallowed the food she had left and yelled to a fletcher to follow her.
She started shouting out orders, still keeping Bowie in sight.
John waited at Bowie tent with a bit of breakfast and watched carefully as four men took his tent down.
Sergeant, we will be ready to leave shortly.
Thanks, John.
We need to make sure Ria is at the front so she can help energize the troops as they start out.
I want to make sure each and every man is ready to travel as fast as they can.
We also need to eliminate anything that is keeping us from moving too slow.
If we have any unnecessary cargo, like the alcohol, toss it out.
Bowie said taking the plate from John.
All the unnecessary equipment has been set aside for the next group of men.
I left stools, chairs, tents, and training targets.
We will have over half of the men in wagons.
I have ordered soldiers to be mixed in with the fletchers to help in production.
Each wagon now has at least one fletcher to help the soldiers make their own arrows.
The men who walk will be given the task of moving supplies to each wagon and moving finished arrows to the next.
John stood a bit straighter.
Ria leaned in and whispered into Bowie ear, He has become influenced to being the best soldier he can be.
You must be very careful giving orders to these two.
An order worded wrong could mean John drowning so that supplies do not get wet.
Bowie took a moment to think while he ate a few bites of his breakfast.
Auburn took the silence as a moment to practice growing the flowers she had started.
Now that we have the ability to use earth magic, we all can renew the troops energy, correct.
Bowie asked.
Ria used a piece of wood to sit beside Bowie, seemingly excited to speak about magic.
Yes, of course you can do almost anything I can do.
Including producing magically grown bows.
Bowie took a couple more bites, pondering how to word his next question.
It might be good if you could teach John how to energize troops, that way he can keep some of the men topped off just incase I need to take them into a fight.
Auburn immediately stopped growing the flowers and moved over to Bowie.
I will learn as well, if I can use it to keep you safer.
Bowie nodded to Auburn and turned back to Ria.
Yes, I do believe I could use the help in restoring some of the troops.
John and Auburn will not be any good to us if they cannot keep themselves up right in the saddle.
They will have to agree not to push themselves too far.
They will not be able to fight or protect you if they use all of their energy restoring others.
Could you give us all a lesson before we leave.
Bowie asked, smiling to Ria.
She winked at him in a most motherly wink, I can, but they will have to pay attention if they are to use it well.
I will.
escaped both of their mouths before Bowie could speak a word.
The magical determination in combination with Bowie words had fueled their determination to learn magic to both be a good soldier and to protect him.
He took another bite of food as Ria led the two to a nearby tent where a soldier was wiping sweat from his forehead.
Auburn took one last glance around to make sure that Bowie would remain in sight.
Ria began explaining how to use magic to restore the troop energy.
He had never received this bit of training.
Bowie assumed Kilen had learned it in one of his many private sessions when Bowie was sent to hunt or had to stay and watch over Kara.
He was glad he was in hearing distance.
Auburn had been instructed in using magic part of the night and had an easier time understanding it.
Bowie still had a hard time seeing the green energy that Ria spoke of.
Bowie tried to use the earth sight but found himself getting caught up in the vision of wind magic.
He soon found the stability of the green earth magic stored in the ground and trampled grass, even in the bodies of each of his soldiers.
A large amount of energy was stored in Ria, Auburn, and John.
The clouds of the green magic energy were so thick, he could see the details of their skin and hair with his eyes closed.
He knew as he traveled he would have to do all he could do to learn to use this magic.
Even if the only thing he learned was to rustle a bush to distract someone or trip someone with a vine.
Bowie wondered if it was the magical determination or their natural talent that helped the two new wielders learn to use their imbuement.
Auburn walked around to every soldier in sight of Bowie and started to energize them.
John called out to soldiers to bring the horses.
The work animals began to dance as if they had been tied in stables for months.
The soldier eyes grew when Auburn placed a hand on their shoulder or arm.
Soon after, each would work with renewed vigor.
Bowie watched as the camps packing and movement doubled in speed.
It only took a moment for Ria to return to sit beside him.
You are a quick learner, She smoothed her dress and watched Auburn work a circle around them, keeping Bowie close.
Not as quick as those two.
Bowie said before taking another bite of biscuit.
No, you are not as quick in learning to use magic, but you are a quick assist those that are learning.
You are a good leader.
She pointed at Auburn, Two days ago I could not get her to learn to replant a flower.
Today, she can grow them from seed with magic.
She can energize troops faster than most.
Do you know why this is.
Because you taught her, Bowie said, wiping his hands on his pants after cleaning his plate.
No.
Ria leaned in close to Bowie face so that he could look nowhere else, Because you are a true leader.
You know those two so well that you were able to give them a reason to learn.
You inspired them to be better than they are.
You used your words to give their determination a purpose.
Ria waited but Bowie gave no reaction, Just because you have a hard time learning magic, does not mean you are not a powerful wielder.
Some of the most powerful wielders used only their brain to change the world.
The imbuements were just trinkets that made people notice them.
I believe you are this type of wielder.
She stood and patted Bowie on the shoulder.
He sat staring at the ground for a while until Auburn approached with her horse and Charger in tow.
He stood and mounted Charger, who was anxious to be ridden.
He checked the straps and looked around the camp.
Every wagon was perfectly packed with supplies and troops.
Baskets of arrows hung from the sides as fletchers were fast at work in each cart.
He knew these men were his responsibility, they had chosen to put their lives in his hands.
He took a swallow and spoke as loudly as he could.
Today is the last day of rest for a while.
We must push forward at a fast pace to warn the citizens of this land against defying a king.
We do this not for the king.
We do this to save their lives from him.
On the road ahead we will face three enemies the Fire Realm, the citizens of this land, and ourselves.
Work together, suffer together, and together we shall live to see another summer.
John let out a loud cheer and his example was followed by his men.
Bowie chest felt the vibrations from the men cheers as cart after cart started to lurch forward on the road.
Bowie felt for the first time that he truly was a leader.
Ria smiled before closing the door to her own wagon.
Brandon and Twilix both knew that Kara transformation was close because of her rapid rise in heat.
Even though Twilix had developed a way to keep Kara cool while she did other things, the last couple of days required her to keep a close watch on the ice sphere surrounding the girl.
Twilix had caught Kara catching herself on fire twice already today.
Kara could catch fire without hurting herself but soon after she would continue raise her temperature until she was burning her body to ash.
Ageing a fire wizard was not only dangerous to oneself but to everyone in the area.
Brandon was asleep in a chair nearby.
Twilix watched him for a moment before stepping inside the sphere.
Steam had already filled the inclosure and a loud hissing sound could be heard.
The sound echoed in her ears as she stepped inside.
Twilix carefully walked down the ice stairs until her slippers met warm water.
She normally liked warm water but this kind meant something different.
The closer she came to Kara, the hotter the water.
The liquid was boiling at the edges of Kara skin.
Twilix dropped the hem of her dress into the pool.
She had hoped to keep it dry but the level was too high to hold the bottom up.
She bent over submerging, the palms of her hands into the water.
She felt the water around her knees cool and then become frigid.
She only needed to cool the water long enough for her to check on Kara.
She wished to lower the girl temperature but she knew it would take too much of her strength to do it.
She spoke into the empty space when she could see Kara form through the steam.
It will not be long now.
I hope you are able to maintain control of all this strength.
I do not know how long I will be able to calm you if you are unable to control yourself.
Twilix tried to bring the water back from boiling, but it heated just as fast as she cooled it.
She stood back up and focused on the air.
The steam in turned to snow as she chilled the atmosphere inside.
The snow did not last long or cool down Kara in any way.
Twilix was done messing around.
Finally, she pushed the steam to the roof and watched as Kara sunk through the pedestal and into the floor of the ice sphere.
Steam issued from the hole that had been formed by the girl passing body.
Twilix walked to the hole while protecting herself with a bubble of self cooling water.
The bubble made it hard to see but kept the heat from burning her.
She got as close as she could and started to cool Kara when a arch of fire whipped out of the steaming hole and sliced through Twilix small protective bubble.
The fire caused Twilix to back away.
Her blue dress was blackened around the waist where she was not quick enough to get out of the way.
A second arch of fire expanded in all directions and dislodged a piece of the newly thickened ceiling.
Twilix quickly climbed the melting stairs and scrambled out of the collapsing ice doorway to find the summer sun beat down upon her.
Brandon was already awake and sending men to ready the water wielders.
Twilix, let me help you.
He closed the gap between the two and picked Twilix up off the ground.
You need to let the water out of the bowl or she will drown, Twilix was still staring back into the bowl as the arches of fire sprang forth one after the other.
The struggle would be over soon either she would help Kara survive and have to fight her into the dungeon or she would die and possibly take Twilix with her.
The ground shuddered as part of the bowl opened and heated water came spilling out onto the wizards training grounds.
Arcs of fire became more numerous and violent, turning to liquid heat at their peak.
The liquid flames drenched the ground, making it hard to see the distance to the sphere.
Twilix shoulder was grasped tightly by Brandon.
She felt a flood of energy enter her body just like the flood of water emptying itself onto the training ground.
Once the steam cleared, Twilix was able to see the form of a woman on fire.
Twilix did her best to pull the water from the training area and concentrate it on Kara in a snake like form.
When the water from the ground was all used up, Twilix gathered the water that was let off in steam, cooling it as much as possible before it crashed into the girl who was now half buried in mud.
Water bearer climbed the hill to stand beside Twilix and wrapped themselves in a shield of ice.
An arch of flame struck the shield and it melted away.
The water bearer built it back as quickly as they could and combined their efforts to protect the two wizards from getting burned to a crisp.
Twilix pushed the water harder, recycling the steam into the stream as Kara heated it.
Finally, the water touched the young wizard skin and the arcs of liquid fire stopped.
Twilix did her best to keep the water on Kara skin but soon the heat overtook even the wielder efforts to keep up an ice shield.
Brandon collapsed onto the ground, giving into the loss of energy.
A soldier ran to drag him away from the erupting inferno.
Twilix watched as the water bearers started to back away.
Take me.
She shouted.
Twilix body collapsed as well, but a woman of ice rose in her place.
Twilix had assumed an elemental form.
She knew in this form should be able to more efficiently hold Kara at bay.
She was frustrated because she should have been able to subdue Kara without it.
Twilx had just aged and become more powerful than she had ever been.
Twilix took a deep breath as if her elemental body needed it.
She concentrated in seeking out every piece of water she could find.
She did this even as Kara flames grew in height and strength.
Twilix turned to watch one of the wielders carry her limp body away from the hole as fast as he could.
She always found it eerie to look upon herself in this way.
Twilix needed to surround Kara with cold water but the dirt was making it difficult, so she used the water from the ground to lift Kara out of the mud until she could use water in the air to push her upwards.
Soon, a wizard made geyser was blasting towards the sky with a Kara at its center.
Only Kara head was exposed from the geyser so she could breathe.
Twilix used the water expelled at the top to replenish the water needed at the bottom for the geyser.
The water replenished itself as she cooled it and kept Kara balanced at the center.
Twilix knew that she would not be able to maintain the geyser forever but set her mind to keep it up as long as possible.
A voice called out between gargled breaths, Stop, stop.
I am awake.
Twilix saw kara arms fighting against the torrent of water.
Kara had awoken from her ageing.
Twilix would have let out a sigh if she was in her own body.
Instead, she released her control over the water and watched Kara come crashing down into what was left of the bowl.
Twilix let go of her elemental body and snapped back into her own.
Her arms felt weak but still she managed to stand herself up.
Brandon was already sitting up but still breathing hard.
One of the wielders helped him up off the ground.
The training ground was just as smoky as when Twilix and Mary would train, but this time the marks looked random, with no sense of why the attacks were made.
The entire castle was quiet, waiting to see if more flames would erupt from the bowl of dirt.
Twilix wrapped brandon arm around her.
Let is go see this little fire wizard.
Shall we.
If you think it is wise, Brandon could barely walk after the effort he put into keeping Twilix upright.
Neither of the two could hear any noise from the bowl except for the water still trickling out of the opening that Brandon had made.
It took an effort to make it up the stone steps to the rim of the bowl.
A wet and older version of Kara was on her hands and knees in the mud at the bottom.
Through long black wet hair, Kara looked up at Twilix, That was a rude way to wake a person up.
Twilix helped pull Brandon up to the top where he could be seen by Mary.
She immediately covered the nakedness of her stomach and chest that the leather did not cover as she kneeled in the mud.
Brandon turned his back and sat down at the top of the ridge.
If you hold on a moment I will have a cloak brought up.
How are you feeling, Kara.
Twilix asked.
I feel fine.
I am a bit cold though.
Twilix waited for a sign if she was in control of her magic or not.
When the answer did not come Twilix started to come down into the bowl.
Kara, I meant Are you in control of your magic.
Oh, yes.
Yes, I am fine.
She sat, still covering herself as she shivered in the muddy hole with water still dripping off of her black hair.
Twilix nodded and ran down the ridge of the dirt bowl.
When she came back she carried a brown robe that seemed a bit large for Kara.
Kara stood and unfolded the robe and it still fell short of the ground.
She looked down at her grown body.
She pushed her mid length hair out of her way and Twilix produced a small blue ribbon to tie it back with.
I had one like this on Spring Fest.
Did you keep this from my dress.
Kara asked.
Twilix shook her head as she led Kara up the slippery side of the bowl.
No.
I believe that ribbon is still tied to the end of your father sword.
Your brother once told me that he keeps it there to remember what he is fighting for.
I wish I had something to remember him with.
Kara stood at the top of the bowl trying to keep her flesh from the eyes of the onlookers on the castle grounds.
I apparently caused a commotion.
Do not flatter yourself.
I think that I had a hand in making the show.
After all, you would not have survived if it was not for me.
Brandon lifted up a hand and waved it in the air, I suppose I had nothing to do with it at all.
Twilix mischievously looked at Kara, Of course you did, Advisor.
You kept me steady on the top of this hill while I dealt with her.
She laughed but Brandon did not and Kara had no reason to understand what was happening.
Twilix quickly tucked one of her loose curls behind her ear, Let is get you inside to get you cleaned up.
Wait, just because she is not throwing, fireballs does not mean she is not going to light the castle on fire.
You need to test her first.
Brandon Twilix started but was cut off.
Oh it is Brandon now, is it.
What happened to Advisor.
Brandon pulled himself to his full height.
Twilix turned on Brandon and set her foot into place like she had when she was still in her adolescent age.
You know as well as I do that she should be burning all of us to a crisp right now.
You know that because she is not, means that if you try and stop her, she could easily kill all of us.
She paused to let the threat sink in, I would personally like to see you try and stop her from going inside.
Twilix started to walk off to the stone stairs and stopped halfway down to wave Kara forward.
Kara cautiously followed as Brandon looked deep in thought,as if trying to think of something that would keep Twilix from making him look like a fool.
Kara tripped and fell on the next to last step falling onto her face.
Yes, I should have warned you.
These long legs are something to get use to.
I tripped for at least the first four days while you were ageing.
Brush yourself off.
Were going to get you a bath and into something a little more proper.
Kara seemed happy at the mention of proper clothes.
Twilix watched as she stared in wonder at the tall ceilings and arched doorways of the castle.
Kara danced her fingers along the seamless marble walls with gold and silver veins that ran throughout.
The damp haired girl would spin in circles to take in all the tapestries along the hallways.
Twilix laughed when Kara asked her if they were lost, but the water wizard just continued leading through that halls.
They eventually came upon a door with a large fire carved on the thick oak.
Once inside, two large beds with canopies that draped down to block out the sunlight caught Kara attention.
I have never seen a bed this big.
She said.
Her attention was then turned to the chairs with cushions and washstands.
Each piece of furniture matched one another with ornately carved forest scenes containing deer and birds.
Kara ran her fingers over the detailed chisel strokes embedded into the wood.
Her eyes finally rested on a large wardrobe with dark carved wood.
Twilix took Kara hand and made her turn face to face with her.
If you like that, wait until you see what is inside.
Kara smiled in a way that said she was anxious.
Twilix opened the doors of the wardrobe and Kara took a breath.
Dresses of every of the brightest color filled it from side to side.
Each had lace, silk, and satin with laced backs and corsets, hats, and shoes to match.
Wow, these are gorgeous, Kara said.
Kara fingers recoiled from each dress as if she was afraid to touch the fine materials.
Well, since we are almost the same size, I think that we may be able to share them if you are willing to stay with me here for a while.
Twilix proposed.
Kara smiled and jumped up and down.
I would love to stay here with you.
Both the girls started digging through the clothes to find the ones that would suit them best.
Chapter The Crimson Kilen still felt very safe, even being only a short ride from the Fire Realms defenses.
He sat, sleepily watching the fire cook the rabbit Max had found, killed, and skinned.
Jace had assured him that the small tendrils of smoke would not be noticed by the Fire Realm.
Max, Jace, and Joahna had all taken a form of one sort or another to penetrate the defenses of the Fire Realm camp.
Jace said they would only get one chance to get close to King Elric Rekkan.
The last couple days of riding were uneventful.
Kilen had wished he could have caught up on his book.
The ideas rolled around in his head about the changes in the land, a chapter on pirates, and he even wanted to write down the differences in the new and old world weapon bearers.
Crackling of the wood was the only sound besides Kilen quill in the book.
He wrote about the trees and the how they had thinned the further south he had traveled.
High in the mountains the trees were low to the ground and always green.
A large population of squirrels, birds, and deer had shown themselves to Kilen.
He was sure that not many people hunted these woods.
He was glad about that.
The area Jace had chosen for a resting place was a small opening surrounded by a veil of these trees.
Max had sunk the ground down so the fire would not be directly visible if someone was looking under the trees while lying on the ground.
Kilen had even aided the trees growth so that there was no space to walk between the branches that surrounded the tiny clearing.
The meat over the fire was starting to turn black in some areas, so Kilen retrieved the stick holding it in place and stuck it in the ground next to him to cool off.
The trees rustled and Kilen sat up to see if someone had found him and watched the smoke coming off his cooked rabbit twist in an unnatural way.
Jace voice on the wind let him know he was still safe, I am coming back inside your mind.
Without anymore warning or time to prepare, Kilen felt the concussion.
He wavered a moment, but stayed steady.
His friends rarely came into his consciousness in the last few weeks.
The feeling felt foreign again and he knew he needed to practice if he was to protect himself during battle.
He knew it would only take one person dying before he once again felt the concussion and having that happen during battle could cause him to miss a vital block of a sword.
I have seen every bit of their defenses.
I would like to show you what it looks like,Jace said.
Images from Jace elemental memory flooded into Kilen vision.
He watched as Jace detailed the entire camp of the Fire Realm forces.
Fortunately for Kilen, all the forces were facing towards the south west, where King Atmos would be forced to attack from.
The front line defenses were made from hollowed out tree trunks, each of which would only hold one man.
Jace showed Kilen the image of a man ducked down inside the trunk with a crossbow, ready to jump out and fire a shot before ducking back inside and reloading.
Large wooden panels had been constructed in an alternating fashion forcing intruders to weave back and forth in the battle field in order to reach the last of the Fire Realm men and their king.
Each panel was alternated with angled spiked logs to impale mounted troops entering into the battlefield.
Large pyres sat with bags of oil, ready to ignite for the use of the fire wielders.
Each was twice the size Mary had constructed for her fight during Kilen training.
Images flashed of archers, traps, pits, and holes carved out in the thick woods to either side of the valley to stop troops from coming into the mountains.
Kilen watched Jace reveal images of platforms being built up into the trees for men to stand on.
The purpose of these, Kilen could not figure out.
He was sure that Jace would point out the reason soon enough.
The rear of the camp was virtually unguarded by traps or obstacles.
Only men guarded the rear of the camp.
He watched each and every one of them with the images Jace showed him.
The men that guarded the king all wore a red cloth tied to both arms near the top of the bicep.
The king looked familiar to Kilen.
He was tall and strong.
He wore only leather straps holding two swords on his back and a leather loin strap filled with colored strips of leather.
Jace had paid close attention to the jewelry that laced every part of his ears, fingers, wrists, and ankles.
The king was covered in small bands, all of which contained an arsenal of imbuements.
He was sure even without all of his elemental friends, this king would be a tough fight.
We will have a very hard time entering this camp without being noticed.
I will try again when the sun goes down.
If we are going to sneak in, we will want to do it under the cover of night.
Jace voice sounded confident and his emotions were that of joy.
Kilen knew that stealth tactics were Jace true passion.
A small lump of dirt rose up as it trailed its way into the camp.
Kilen watched using the earth magic.
He knew it was Max by the unnatural way the clump moved.
He watched as a man rose out of the ground as if he was walking up a staircase.
Dust and dirt fell from his head and shoulders as grass and moss took its place to look like hair.
His eyes took on a white color as he moved minerals around inside.
The more accustomed to earth magic Max got, the more realistic his elemental bodies looked.
He moved about the camp and he often looked at whatever food Kilen was eating as if he was hungry.
The more he moved, the more details Kilen could make out about his body.
Max tossed another log on the fire, We will wait until the others get back before I report.
Jace is already back, Kilen tapped his head.
Max nodded, How is the rabbit.
I have had worse.
I can not wait until I can get back to a civilized town and get some fresh bread.
Traveling is great, but the food is not satisfying.
Max grunted and Kilen saw the resemblance between King Rekkan and Max.
Can you tell me about your brother.
Kilen asked picking a piece of meat of the stick.
Elric.
He strong, a good warrior, and his best skill of all is that he can control his emotions.
He makes a great king.
Max replied with a tone in his voice that said he was honored to be his brother.
No, I mean tell me what he like.
Kilen began picking off pieces of the meat and eating them.
He offered Max a piece which was refused.
He is, without a doubt, the most stubborn of all three of us.
He has a thing about following orders.
If the queen said to jump off the southern cliffs to see if someone could survive, he would do it without question.
He likes the taste of fruit and not meat, Max said shaking his head as though he did not understand his brother taste in food.
Joahna voice came echoing down from above, He likes his women plump and loud, much like the queen, if she was his own age.
Has Jace returned.
Kilen tapped his head again.
Good, we need to discuss how to get to the king.
Kilen pulled another piece of meat from the stick, Jace says that hed like to scout the camp at night to see if he can find a way inside.
Joahna took a man form and stayed away from the fire.
I do not think that would be a wise decision.
The Crimson are here and we may not be able to protect you from them.
Who are the Crimson.
Max stood straight and Kilen watched as red bands of clay formed around Max arms and hung off like scraps of cloth.
I was once part of the Crimson.
They are the royal guardians for the Fire Realm.
These are the men from which the king is chosen.
Each man shows skill not only with the blade, but a particular kind of magic.
Elric showed talent in all forms of magic and in the blade, he is the best of the Crimson.
Joahna stepped close, If you manage to slip past the defenses and the Crimson, and somehow make it to the king unnoticed, you will be in the presence of their greatest fighter.
If he reacts at all unpleasantly, the Crimson will be alerted.
All of us together cannot take them by force.
I have another plan.
What, just walk in there and hope they do not kill him.
Jace spoke as if the others could hear him.
Kilen did not think his statement was funny.
Jace asked if your plan was to just walk in and hope they do not kill me.
Joahna did not hesitate, Yes, it is.
If you walk in with no weapons drawn and asked to talk to Elric, he should allow it.
The worst thing that could happen is the soldiers attack and we run before the Crimson can arrive.
The best possibility is that Elric will talk to you.
With us at your side, you should be able to convince him that you can gain favor with the Elder Wizards to finish the canal.
Tell him to leave the land before King Atmos arrives.
Max stepped in, If Kilen dresses the part of a weapon bearer and walks with elementals but does nothing to attack, it should be enough to claim some respect.
It should also prove your station.
I am not an ambassador, Kilen.
I can not help you.
I can however provide an early warning for anything about to happen around you.
These two men are from the Fire Realm.remember to trust no one.
Jace emotions made Kilen weary.
Kilen spoke out loud to Jace as he turned away from the others, They could provide the knowledge of customs that neither of us have to make this work.
We do not have a lot of options here.
Max almost said something, but Joahna held up a crystallized hand to stop him.
They may be our only chance at both our survival and the survival of the Earth Realm.
Jace sounded a little disappointed in giving in.
I will do my best to keep us both alive no matter what happens.
Summon me so that I may assist you.
The wind magic was by far the hardest to control for Kilen.
The idea of moving the wind was more foreign because wind is unseen, unlike water, earth, and fire.
They could only see the effects that it had on the world.
Kilen concentrated on using all four elements.
Water was always the easiest for him to see.
When he pictured water, earth, and fire, he began to see wind with less effort.
Even though he had practiced this on his journey, he still found wonderment in the combination of the elemental magics.
The trees rustled with the natural wind and Kilen grabbed it, using the wind vision.
Holding wind still was like holding water in your finger it would eventually seep through.
Instead, he helped direct it in the direction he wanted it to go.
He pushed the wind into a circular pattern until he had a knee high whirlwind on the edge of their camp.
Keeping the whirlwind going, he pushed Jace mind into the wind.
The concussion and loss of emotions in his mind occured again, only this time he was prepared and was able to stay conscious.
Jace spoke before Kilen could open his eyes, If your plan is to work, then we will have to make him look like a true weapon bearer.
Let is get him dressed and ready for this.
Jace, if you do not trust us, then how are we to trust you.
Joahna asked, staring at the small whirlwind.
Yes., Max and I are from a foreign land but until we get our bodies back we have only one choice.
We all have to trust one another.
Killing Kilen would only be killing ourselves.
The wind was silent for a moment at Joahna accusation and finally answered, Old habits die hard.
It took a moment but Joahna seemed to accept the answer.
Max moved to the bags, ignoring the others, I do not know about the rest of you, but I do not trust any of you.
He pulled the shield and acted as if he was blowing the dust off the surface and polishing it with his stone forearm.
Jace voice responded, Let me help, you stone cold brute.
With his three elementals all cooperating, Kilen quickly donned fresh clothing and awaited the rest to make ready his armor.
Each piece was placed on him with a high polish shine.
He picked up his shield and put it on his arm.
Joahna, sounding wise again asked, Are you ready to meet another king.
Kilen smiled, I am ready to meet your brother.
Is there anything that I need to know.
You will have to be confident of your power and authority, Max piped up, packing the last of the things in the bag.
We will have to display your power as we approach the camp so that there is no doubt of who you are.
You will need to announce yourself and ask specifically to see Elric.
You can use both our names and titles to gain their trust.
Kilen nodded, listening intently.
We should leave everything here incase we need to run.
Jace voice sounded ready and determined.
Kilen made his way out of the small copse of trees and Max formed himself into a horse.
Kilen took the hint and mounted him.
In the form of an eagle, Joahna talons clinked on the metal covering Kilen shoulder.
Kilen half expected Jace to form himself into something, but instead dust and leaves began to rotate around Kilen in a large circle.
The circle moved evenly as Max lurched forward into a gallop.
As he approached, Kilen heard men shouting in the trees.
He even saw workers chopping trees down, drop their axe and run when he passed.
Kilen dark green cloak flapped in the wind as he came into the clearing beyond the trees and into the valley.
Max slowed to a walk but kept moving with men shouting around him.
Large horns began to blow, announcing his arrival.
The Fire Realms soldiers began to snatch up weapons and charge at Kilen.
Max stopped and Kilen dismounted.
Joahna took flight and circled once above his head before speeding past him.
Men stabbed at the crystallized eagle as it split them into two groups.
Jace voice heeded him, Walk forward.
Kilen listened and walked between the two groups of men, keeping his arms at his side.
Jace wound the wind and debris closer to Kilen body, making it hard for him to make out their facial features.
He watched as a dozen shirtless men ran towards him, each with a red band on their arms.
Before they could reach him, Joahna grew in size and changed into the form of a man.
The eagle wings grew in size and stayed attached to his back.
He stood defiantly flapping his wings, holding the Crimson at bay.
Kilen stopped about ten paces behind Joahna.
As if stepping out of the ground, Max took the form he had taken in camp, only this time with two curved stone blades in his hands.
The wind died down at Jace command and none of the Fire Realm men moved.
Seeing that none of the soldiers were advancing, Joahna casually walked to Kilen other side, tucking his wings in behind him.
I am Kilen Everheart, Weapon Bearer appointed by the Elder Wizard Council.
I have come to speak with King Elric Rekkan of the Fire Realm under direction of Fire Wizard Joahna Rekkan and Max Rekkan of the Crismon.
No one spoke and not a sound could be heard except for the constant babble of water in the river near by.
Only the dust stirred as Jace kept his line drawn in the dirt from a circle rotating around the small party.
Finally, one of the Crimson sheathed his sword and bowed to Kilen.
He held out his hands for the others to put away their weapons.
Max melted the stone swords back into his arms and they reappeared on his back as if in a stone sheath.
His white marble eyes urged Kilen forward.
The man that appeared to be the leader of the Crimson took one step forward to the edge of Jace circle.
I am Pada of the Crimson, I will take you to see our king.
He turned and walked towards the tent Kilen knew Elric occupied.
Kilen followed, keeping some distance.
Joahna and Max stayed to either side of him and kept one pace behind.
He was not sure if the soldiers were staring at him or at his winged elemental man walking through their camp.
As they passed by the tents, carts, and campfires, Kilen saw men that looked too pale to be from the Fire Realm.
They wore clothing of linen and not of leather straps like he had seen on almost every soldier in the camp.
Each man went about their business trying to act as if Kilen was not there.
Just when he thought they were ignoring him Joahna would flap his wings and draw their attention again.
Pada walked ahead without looking back and disappeared inside of the tent.
The guards outside held up their hands for Kilen to wait.
They looked at Kilen and his elementals as Max and Joahna looked around.
Max took a step closer to the tent, Jebra, Toren, how was the journey.
The two guards looked at one another then looked back at Kilen, ignoring Max form.
Short enough, one said.
The other answered, A bit too cool for my liking.
Kilen did not want to know what hot was like if crossing a desert was too cool.
Max returned to stand beside Kilen looking as though the short conversation did not take place.
Pada came out, nodded to the guards then waved Kilen inside.
Max melted himself into the ground and Joahna followed Kilen, tucking his wings in.
Inside the large tent was a set of carpets, a plate of food, and large pitchers, one of which King Elric was dipping a ladle into for water.
Max rose out of a uncarpeted area of the ground and formed himself back into his human likeness.
Kilen stopped watching him change and looked at Joahna who had donned his previous clothing as a fire wizard.
Kilen kneeled and clasped his fist against his chest.
Rise.
I have no need for theatrics, warrior.
Elric said.
Kilen hardly thought of himself as a warrior, but did as commanded.
A weapon bearer appointed by the Elder Wizard Council.
The title would suggest that you are very powerful, but controlling two elementals while you walk, that is impressive.
He said taking a drink from a waterskin.
Three, actually.
Kilen said.
Elric lowered his head and closed his eyes for a moment.
Very well, three.
Please, a warrior of your strength I treat on equal footing.
Make yourself comfortable.
Kilen leaned his shield against a tent pole and joined Elric on the carpet.
Elric offered him a cup and Joahna filled it with water.
Pada tells me that you have come by the council of my ambassadors.
I come on behalf of the Earth Realm people and under the council of your brothers, sire.
Elric nodded, What is it you will have me do.
I would have you leave the land and stop this war, Kilen answered with as much confidence as he could.
If you came under my brothers council, youd know that this request is not possible.
They know me well enough that I would not disregard my queen orders.
Kilen smiled, They said you were obedient to a fault.
Your brother advice is in line with all who fight here.
What did my brothers advise.
Elric eyes were untrusting and pierced into Kilen, looking for lies.
Kilen felt as if he was lying to Bowie father about where Bowie was.
We have been in discussion with the Elder Wizards on how to restore the canal to the Fire Realm.
They, the Elder Wizards, are aware of the importance of this and that King Atmos has no desire to assist.
They also know that he has no desire to return the fire wizards to you for training or any of the counseling wizards to the Fire Realm.
While we know of the problems between King Atmos and the Fire Realm, the Elder Wizards have confided in me a bigger threat to our world.
Elric raised and eyebrow, A bigger threat than forty thousand Fire Realm men in the Earth Realm.
There are whispers of a soul wizard in the elemental lands.
The Elders are investigating the rise of another dark army.
Elric finally sat up and put down his cup.
What is it they would have me do.
If this is true, the elemental lands stand no chance to survive.
Leave the Earth Realm in peace.
I will do my best to arrange for King Atmos to meet with you when his army arrives.
I hope that we can resolve this conflict peacefully.
Kilen said taking a long drink.
Where are my brothers.
Kilen heard the one question he hoped Elric would not ask.
He looked at the two statue like elementals, Your brothers stand with me.
They are unable to be here in person, but they are here with me in spirit.
I see that they are.
Your elementals are a perfect match for them.
If they were not, I would have killed you by now.
I will meet with your king, Elric said.
He is not my king.
I am from the Water Realm.
I am a True Weapon Bearer and I have no king.
I am glad to hear you will meet with King Atmos.
Elric held out his hand and waited for Kilen to take it.
I am glad that you are one of the Elder men.
I probably would leave Atmos to fend for himself from the dark army, but I will give this peace a chance for you and the Elders.
Perhaps King Atmos may see me as a friend and ally after this meeting.
Kilen took his hand and shook it.
He hoped his past with King Atmos would not cause a disruption in this meeting.
Every time Kilen had done what the king had asked, he felt like he was hated by him even more.
He knew that Atmos wanted him dead, even if he did complete the mission.
The Elder Wizard Council told me that as a True Weapon Bearer, no man rules me.
I seek only justice for the land and all that reside in it.
I am the man that kings, noblemen, wizards, and wielders answer to.
I have a hard time understanding this, but as I gain experience I am sure that I will understand how to fill the role better, Kilen said.
Still holding Kilen hand, Elric grip became harder, You mean to tell me this is the first time you have negotiated something.
It is not the first time I have had to deal with King Atmos.
I will do my best to bring his wizard council with him.
They stand against this war as well.
They will negotiate on my behalf.
Elric jaw tightened just as his grip did.
For your sake, you better hope that they help him see reason.
Kilen nodded to King Rekkan.
Let us get you settled and some rest while we wait for King Atmos men to arrive.
Kilen picked up his shield and Max helped him fix it on his back.
Pada and a the rest of the Crimson followed their movement throughout the camp in a protective ring around their king.
I do not think the king would be happy to find the Earth Realm men in my camp so I am sending them away today.
Earth Realm men.
Kilen asked, trying to keep up with Elric long striding walk.
Yes.
We came with the intent to buy supplies we needed from the locals here and build our own fortifications.
When we started to purchase our supplies the local towns started giving them away.
They asked if they could join our army.
Kilen stopped, They asked if they could join your army and fight against their own king.
Elric also stopped, acknowledging Kilen had his question correct, We would not let them join in a fight against their king.
We do not take turncoats here, It is a dishonor.
They agreed to help construct of our fortifications.
I am sending them home today, they should not be here when their king arrives.
I think that would be wise.
If youd let them join the fight, it certainly would have hurt any chance we have at reaching a truce.
The sooner they are back where they belong, the better.
If any of them are caught on the road and questioned it would only sentence them to death, Kilen said as he looked around.
Elric waved Pada over, Issue the order.
All men from the Earth Realm are to return home.
They should avoid the main roads and any troops they encounter for their own health.
They must leave within the hour.
Pada nodded and the Crimson ran in every direction.
You may pick any of these tents.
We had them set aside for use by the Earth Realm workers.
Kilen watched, soon the camp was filled with Fire Realm soldiers and Earth Realm citizens.
They shook hands and some even hugged as they departed.
Earth Realm men handed off knives and weapons they had made.
Axes and hammers were exchanged for jewelry and keepsakes between the two cultures.
He watched as these items were exchanged, not one exchange was made with hatred or remorse between the men of two separate lands.
They had both suffered at the hands of King Atmos.
Kilen wished he had the same type of relationship with these Fire Realm men.
He wanted them to know he was here to help keep them all alive.
An idea struck Kilen and he turned to smile at Max and Joahna, Sire, do you have any practice blades.
Elric rose an eyebrow, We have a few.
Do you wish to train my men.
They are combat trained amongst the best in our realm.
Kilen took a step closer to the king, I have been trained by a Kapal, and trained with another True Weapon Bearer.
I have fought a king champion and trained with another member of the Crimson.
I wish to train with the best of the Crimson.
I may never get another chance to spar with a king.
Elric smiled at Kilen request.
Kilen started to strip off his armor and Joahna and Max came to his aid.
Kilen knew he would lose, but if he ever found a woman to call his own, he would have another story to tell his grandchildren.
Chapter Three Auburn rarely took her eyes from the surrounding area.
Her paranoia was even more heightened as the trees leaves went from far above head to being low to the ground and hard to see through.
She was on constant watch, as if the enemy could jump from anyone of the evergreen trees.
Bowie tried to calm and reassure her that because they traveled at the back of the march, most would target the leaders in the front.
She still followed him in spite of his pleadings.
Seven days of travel had given him a lot of practice renewing the energy of his men.
He felt like he could do it in his sleep.
He was almost sure he had a couple of times.
Auburn lent her energy out sparingly because of Bowie warning Do not make yourself too tired or you will not be able to protect me.
She had taken the words to heart only renewing someone when they said they were there to take watch so she could eat.
Bowie slept whenever he had the chance, so he could keep as many troops renewed as possible.
With the help of the imbuement, Auburn did not sleep for four days.
He had finally convinced her to nap on the third day, convincing her by saying she would not get a chance as the danger increased.
She made sure there were four of his archers in the cart while she drowsed beside him.
She even insisted that she had to have a rope tied to him just in case he tried to sneak away.
Bowie did not need to rest at the time, but laid with her so she would.
He watched her in the starlight as the cart rocked her to back and forth.
He wondered how he could get Auburn to keep her distance.
He knew he could not have her following him into battle, but what kind of leader would order his men to their deaths without joining them.
He had to find a way to rid himself of her constant companionship or take her magic.
In the three days he still had not thought of a solution for either.
The issues kept recurring in his mind as they neared the battlefront.
Surely if Kilen was here he would be able to find an answer.
Bowie only had a limited amount of time with Atmos trying to catch up to him.
He did not have a lot of time left to separate himself from her.
Bowie watched as men started to jump from carts and run ahead to help unload.
Their final stop and last camp was just ahead.
Bowie watched as the line of carts slowed so John could organize them to help build the camp more efficiently.
He knew this was all for not because the rest of the army would soon swallow this small campsite his men started.
He let John go about his business anyway.
John shouted orders, getting men to surround the camp for security.
For the first time John ordered the carts be unloaded of all the arrows.
He made a large stack in the center of camp and covered it with canvas.
Tents were being set up in a pattern allowing maximum visibility.
Bowie did his best to stay out of the way.
He knew that if he tried to help a soldier, someone else would only run up to take his place.
Bowie watched as his things were unloaded from a wagon.
He saw them take the stool out and he snatched it up for himself.
He moved to the only fire that was in the camp and sat on his reclaimed seat.
A soldier stopped to look at him.
Be a good man and fetch me some of the fletching supplies.
Now that we are near, Id like to make some arrows for myself.
He was sitting while others worked and he felt like he needed to explain himself.
He knew that the soldier would have done what he had asked either way, but he felt better having an excuse.
The soldier tipped his black hat pinned up on one side.
The feather in his hat was green with no stripes.
Bowie feather contained three stripes.
The stripes were part of a system Bowie employed to help him ascertain rank.
Corporal Curtain had two stripes, and Tyler and Andrew each had one.
Each man had their place and job and he watched silently doing his, as they did theirs.
Soldiers and fletchers arrived carrying supplies made for arrows and he soon found himself surrounded by craftsmen.
Each one made sure to hand him supplies as Bowie needed them and some took a moment to watch Bowie nimble fingers put the pieces in place.
As more and more of the tents began to take form, more and more men sat down to work around the fire.
Fresh meat was placed over the flame and the men began to talk amongst themselves.
Bowie said nothing, he only listened as his fingers worked and his quiver filled with Crescent Arrows.
There was something that calmed Bowie when working with the arrows.
He focused on gathering the parts and working each piece for its purpose.
He knew that if one part was not prepared properly, the arrow would not hit its mark.
A small file worked the rough edges of the arrow tip into an angled point.
This particular part meant easy entry into its victim and gave a smoother flight to its target.
He tried to think of his troops as parts as well.
Wizards, fletchers, archers, and scouts each had their own part and purpose.
They did not need to know how to do each other part as long as they could perform their own.
He held the arrow he just completed in front of his face, spinning it in his fingers.
He wondered if it would be good for all the parts to know the purpose of the others.
His archers knew how to fletch, so why should not his fletchers now how to shoot.
When he looked up he saw Auburn sitting near the back of a group of fletchers, making her own arrows.
Her eyes continued to flicker between him and her work.
Her bow was passed around as the men pulled back the string, trying to use her bow.
Bowie laughed a bit at their attempts to wield the girl weapon.
John was working on organizing the second shift of guards to watch over the camp and ignored the playful banter.
Tyler sat two men down from Bowie and was in a quiet chat with one of the fletchers that had joined on the way.
They chatted about how much the entire group had bonded and become like family.
He learned the fletchers name was Paul, and he spoke of John and Auburn as if they were cousins.
Paul said, Still wish we could join you on the field.
Bowie heard the statement and it drew so much interest he spoke without thinking.
Why could not you join us on the battlefield.
Bowie put a bite of bread into his mouth and looked up at Paul and Tyler who were looking at him in confusion.
Sargeant, they are supposed to make the arrows, not fight with them, Tyler replied.
I do not see why these men should not be allowed to defend themselves.
They of course will have to be tested to wear the black hat in order to fight alongside us.
Tyler stood, I will teach them.
Bowie shook his head, No.
I do not think that would be wise.
I will need someone that has a bit more drive to train them.
Auburn, she should train them.
By the time the conversation had reached this point, only the sound of the crackling fire and occasional bird disturbed Bowie eating.
Auburn was not moving, probably trying to decide what she should do.
What do you say, Auburn.
Will you teach the men to fight beside us.
Bowie asked.
Auburn looked to be at a crossroads.
Her jaw tightened and she slowly shook her head.
The men at the fire let out a sigh of disappointment, one even threw the arrow he was working on into the fire.
How dare you ask me that.
You know what I must do.
She stood with her face as red as her hair.
Bowie calmly put another piece of bread in his mouth.
When we first started the journey, I gave you your orders.
I believe I told you that you were to lead these fletchers.
Leading them into battle or leading them to make arrows makes no difference to me.
You, on the other hand, have taken it upon yourself to make it your duty to protect me.
I neither asked, nor wanted this from you.
Another piece of bread left his plate and into his mouth.
He wiped the crumbs from his lap as he stood.
He handed his metal plate to the man next to him.
Besides, can you name a better way to protect me than to arm another hundred men who are passionate to go to battle with me.
Auburn, you are surprisingly good with a bow.
You however, can not fire one hundred arrows at once.
You can not be in one hundred different places, no matter how powerful your magic makes you.
One hundred men is better than one.
He turned his back to the furious redhead, Think about it, Auburn.
Bowie started to walk away towards Ria wagon.
The men around the fire and surrounding tents began to beg Auburn to take up the mantel that Bowie had thrown down.
They begged to earn the right to join his men.
Bowie smiled at the thought.
He knew she had the almost uncontrollable urge to follow him.
He also knew she was furious and wanted to storm away.
While she stood and decided which action to take he made every effort to get a few moments of peace without her.
He knocked at Ria door and took a moment to look back at Auburn.
He could just make out her face still staring at him through the crowd of men trying to convince her to train them.
Ria opened the door and looked around, finally finding Auburn and waved Bowie inside.
What do I owe the pleasure, Sergeant Crescent.
I found a moment of peace and I thought I would share it with you.
She smiled a moment and motioned for him to have a seat.
A steaming pot of tea already on the counter was poured into her usual tea cups and set down for him to partake.
How did you manage to separate her from yourself.
I told the fletchers that they could join in battle if she would train them.
I was hoping that while she trains them, her earth magic might take the place of the importance to protect me.
Perhaps then she will leave me alone.
If it does not.
She said coolly as she blew on her tea.
If not If not, I will have a set of men trained to protect me by a woman will not accept anything less than the best.
He tasted the tea and it was bitter.
He choked and almost spit it on the table.
What is this.
Just a bit of tangleroot.
It will replenish your bodies vitamins.
Bowie was afraid to take another sip, I am sorry, but it tastes horrid.
You need to drink it.
She refilled what little he had drank.
Do you think training the fletchers would be wise.
Bowie took another swallow, disregarding all manners and gagged at the flavor.
I do not think it is wise to leave a bunch of men without the ability to defend themselves.
The campfire talk is that they want to join in the fight with my men.
I just have to find a way to make some more bows for them.
You leave the bows to me.
I will make them the tools they need to keep themselves alive.
You make sure you give them the knowledge they need use it.
Bowie nodded his head.
He knew Ria would make the bows.
Now, what do we do about Auburn.
Do you really think that training the men will keep her from battle.Ria asked.
I am hoping it will at least distract her for now.
I will need to think of more to keep her busy later on.
Anything you can think of to help keep her from following me into battle would help.
She has her mind set.
I think she would have done her best to protect you whether or not she had the earth magic pushing her to this extreme.
The day you took her on the hunt with you, you sealed your fate.
In her mind she saved your life.
If she did it once, she may be needed again.
Ria refilled his teacup as he stared at the inside of his hat laying on his lap.
He took another sip before remembering the taste.
His face contorted at the realization that he drank it again.
You are saying that she is going to be like this with or without her magic.
Ria smiled, I am afraid that magic only helps solidify our emotions.
It makes our innermost emotions more prevalent.
Once we accept that, we are able to control it.
She wants to protect you from harm.
She will be able to see dangers that you will not because of her heightened sense of caution.
So I am supposed to just let a woman protect me.
What is wrong with a woman protecting a man.
When we started you came to me, begging to let Auburn be in charge of the fletchers.
Is this any different to you than to your men that you put her in charge of.
Bowie took a deep breath and pinched his nose before swallowing the rest of his tea.
He took a few smacks of his mouth and spoke, Thank you for your council, Ria.
She nodded her head and followed him out of the wagon, closing the door behind him.
I did not beg you to let her lead the fletchers.
She smiled as he walked away.
Wizard Mica was walking towards him, still wrapping his robe around himself.
Sergeant Crescent, Wizard Ria, how is everything.
Before Bowie knew it, Auburn was at his side.
He took a small look around and noticed the camp was already in a flurry of activity.
She smiled up at him and then gave a glare at Mica.
Auburn apprently was not about to let the wizard forget how they felt about him.
We are preparing to welcome the king.
The arrows are completed and we are making an archery range for practice until the troops can arrive.
We are also organizing hunting parties for fresh supplies.
When should we be expecting his arrival.
He will arrive here in less than a day time.
He traveling with one hundred of his most powerful weapon bearers and the Wizards Council.
I will go give him an update after a bite to eat.
I will return here before nightfall.
Could you have a tent made up for me.
Bowie nodded his head.
Thank you for the news.
Is there anything else.
Perhaps some orders from the king.
He said that he would speak to you when he arrived.
He also wanted me to make it clear that you are, in no way, supposed to make contact with the Fire Realm unless it is to eliminate their soldiers.
We will avoid confrontation at all costs, Bowie said as John approached, out of breath.
Sorry, Master Crescent.
I just learned that he arrived.
John quickly regained control of himself and Auburn went to touch his shoulder.
John stood straighter and flexed his muscles.
Bowie had been so concerned about Auburn he had forgot to make sure John rested.
John, will you see to it that one of the men makes a place for the Councilmen to rest tonight.
Also, they need to make preparations for the king arrival tomorrow.
John clasped his hand on his chest and jogged off to see to the tasks.
Master Crescent, you have pushed your men hard.
I will report your efforts to King Atmos.
I am sure he will be pleased.
Bowie straightened his hat a little.
I think we have some hot food right over here.
I am sure you can find the way.
I have some other matters that need tending to.
Mica inclined his head and started towards the fire that was abandoned at Auburn command.
You took my request to train the men, Auburn.
She smiled, I did.
It took me a moment to see reason.
They are gathering targets and setting aside some of the less appealing arrows for practice.
We will begin training within the hour.
Good.
If you have any trouble in the training, talk to John.
She nodded her head and John came running towards them with an urgent look on his face.
Speaking of John.
Bowie passed Auburn and met John halfway.
Sergeant, there a knight coming this way from the Fire Realm camp.
Bowie was flabbergasted for a moment, Which direction.
The direction of the Fire Realm army, John said to Bowie, still showing signs of confusion on his face.
That way.
John pointed the way he had been running from.
Bowie finally took control of himself and nodded his head.
He started walking the way John had pointed, Ria, Auburn, will you come with me.
John, I need you to get Mica and let is say.fifty archers.
John clasped his fist to his chest and immediately started barking out orders.
Ria followed and spoke in a calm voice, Sergeant Crescent, it is only one man.
Are you sure that you need such a welcoming party.
Bowie slowed his pace and thought about her statement, Perhaps not, but I do want to make a statement that says we are ready at a moment is notice to defend ourselves.
I also want Mica there to be a witness that I did not seek out the Fire Realm.
Both are wise decisions.
I do not want you to scare the soldier away if he here to present terms of a peaceful negotiation.
Ria did her best to slow Bowie by placing a hand on his arm.
He slowed, but only because he could finally see the man approaching.
The horse looked strange and the rider was not what he would have expected for a knight.
He was tall and rather slender on the horse and looked too young to be a representative.
His armor shined in the sunlight, as did his shield bearing a large oak tree.
The same oak tree that identified him to be a knight of the Earth Realm.
As the night galloped closer he saw the strange horse slow to a walk.
The rider reached up to take off his helmet.
He finally recognized Kilen riding a stone horse.
Bowie turned to watch archers coming from every direction to stand in a formation behind Bowie.
John was organizing them into ranks and telling them to knock arrows.
Stop.
John, the knight is Kilen Everheart, the Weapon Bearer.
Bowie shouted.
Mica walked up still licking his fingers from whatever he had eaten, The traitor weapon bearer is here.
What makes him a traitor.
Bowie snapped.
Ria walked between the two, Oh, this is your friend, the weapon bearer.
Id be glad to meet such a person that can walk beside his elemental, or even ride one.
Ride one.
Mica asked as he followed her.
Yes, I believe he is riding an elemental shaped to be a horse and it is quite impressive.
Oh the possibilities.
She said smiling.
Bowie was as confused as Auburn and Mica, but he followed and listened, Possibilities.
Yes, Master Crescent.
Think.
Your horse has no need for food, sleep, or water.
The elemental can not succumb to injury or sickness.
An elemental is an almost perfect transport.
If, of course, the wizard has the skill to use it and maintain it.
The possibilities are nearly endless, Ria emotions had taken to that of a schoolgirl that just learn her crush knew her name.
Kilen was standing his ground atop his elemental horse.
The small party got closer and Bowie could tell it was made from stone.
The eyes moved along with its grass like tail that swooshed back and forth as if it were a real horse.
Kilen dismounted as they neared him.
The horse shifted its rocks, crumbling to the ground into a gravel pile.
The small pile of rocks began to rearrange and take new form.
A figure of a man rose out rubble to stand before them.
Ria curtsied, Master Everheart, I presume.
I am Ria, an earth wizard.
Your skills at handling elementals are quite impressive.
Kilen went to one knee, set his helmet down beside him, and clasped his fist to his chest.
Please, no need to be formal, Weapon Bearer, Ria said motioning Kilen to stand.
Kilen did not move, I shall wait on the councilman orders, madam.
She let out a laugh, Of course, the Councilmen.
Before Mica spoke, a crystal bird flew out of the sky and landed beside Kilen and changed form into that of a man with giant wings of an eagle.
Mica did not look impressed by the display, You know my name, Weapon Bearer.
You may rise.
Kilen picked his helmet off the ground and tucked it under his arm.
He spoke with authority like Bowie had never heard from him before.
Kilen paid no attention to his childhood friend, only the wind wizard.
You know mine also, Mica.
I would like to speak with King Atmos.
The king has not arrived yet.
I am surprised that you did not know that, seeing how Alexander has been keeping a close watch on you.
Mica face was as bitter as Ria tea.
Alexander was supposed to see Bowie to report my mission.
The wind wizard is not my keeper.
Kilen said dusting off his helmet.
Bowie took a step in to draw Kilens attention which he received with a smile, Alexander did report.
The king has declared Alexander a traitor.
Mica has been tasked to bring him to justice.
Last time we saw Alexander he was doing well enough on his own.
Kilen turned away from Bowie and focused on Mica again, I know I have not been doing this wielding thing as long as you have, but I know wizards are not subject to any king except the Elemental King.
How is it Alexander is a traitor if he has no ruler.
I have cause enough to call him a traitor, and if you speak to me like that again, he will not be my only target.
Mica spoke with a voice that dripped of malice.
Auburn began to draw her bow back a moment, but was clearly confused as to which one she should be pointing at.
She lowered the point with it still fully drawn.
Mica, I am a True Weapon Bearer and it is my duty to seek out justice as I see fit.
I will do that until the Elder Wizards take the title from me.
I am ruled by no king and no wizard.
If you wish to attack a wizard, you better have cause enough for me to justify it.
If I do not see it your way, it will be your head.
Mica laughed, Yes, yes.
The Elder Wizards chose an impressive magic wielder to play their games.
I guarantee you that even with your two elementals, I will still cut you down.
You should remember Alexander teaching you that wind magic may be the most powerful.
I would watch my tongue when when speaking to a wind wizard if I were you.
Without warning, vines wrapped around Mica feet and Bowie watched as wind magic crashed all around Mica, but the air felt calm to his skin.
He watched with wind vision as yellow violent swells of wind crashed into each other around Mica, causing his robes to flap and finally force him to the ground.
The wind died down and Mica struggled with the vines to stand.
The temperature dropped and Bowie could see the breath coming from each of their mouths.
He watched Kilen step closer to Mica.
Three.
Kilen whispered to Mica, now inches from his face.
He continued on and bumped shoulders with Mica as he passed.
Bowie was confused for a moment, but soon understood what had happened just before Auburn asked.
Three what.
Three elementals, Auburn.
He is controlling three elementals at once.
Bowie said as he jogged to catch up.
Ria struggled to keep pace with Kilen.
I do not usually approve of the so called Elder Wizard choices, but they know where I stand with appointing weapon bearers.
I hope they will appoint more in the future.
Are you an Elder Wizard, Ria.Kilen asked.
She said almost blushing at is question.
No, no.
I studied with them for a time.
I found their rules upon helping others restricting.
I would rather follow my own heart rather than the heart of a council.
Which is why I get along so well with your friend.
She nodded to Bowie stalking behind them.
His best friend had not even acknowledged him coming into his camp.
Bowie listened to Kilen as he traipsed through the camp.
I am sorry for the way I behaved with Mica.
Alexander is a friend of mine and he has always treated me well.
He does not deserve to be treated like a traitor and neither do I.
Kilen armor rattled as he marched through the camp.
I know that he does what he can for the people of this realm and it is sad to see that the king has turned on him.
I have not seen him in a week, but what the Fire Realm scouts tell me is that Mica had attacked him.
I did not want to believe it, but I see it now to be the truth.
Sorry, I will try and be more cordial from now on.
You need not worry about your behavior with Mica.
He like a distant cousin who has outstayed his welcome before arriving.
I would like to speak to you about other things.
May we meet inside my wagon.
Ria asked.
I would like that very much.
Id like my friend present as well, Kilen gestured to Bowie.
Bowie thought to himself, Finally.
Of course, he the commander in charge of this troop.
He will need apprised of the situation, Kilen said nodded to Bowie.
Kilen nodded and held out his hand for her to lead the way.
Ria gave the small wave to Bowie and she took Kilen by the arm.
Bowie gripped his bow, So glad I have the privilege to join you two.
Bowie gave a deep bow, so deep his hat nearly touched the ground.
Kilen laughed and continued on with Ria as she touched and healed each soldier she passed.
Kilen reached the wagon door and opened it before Ria could.
She smiled, They chose wisely indeed.
Kilen held the door for Bowie before he followed inside.
Once inside Bowie had already found his place on a stool and Kilen stood looking a bit awkward with his head slightly bent so it did not rub the ceiling.
Bowie pulled another stool from underneath the table and thrust it in Kilen direction.
Ria held out a hand for him to sit.
Kilen did not sit.
Instead he held his arms as wide as the wagon would let him between cabinets, facing Bowie.
We have been apart for about a month and already you think you are too good for a hug from me.
Kilen said as he started to remove his gauntlets.
Bowie put his hat on the table which Ria responded with a click of her tongue.
He removed it and placed it on the stool.
I would have but you were being too high and mighty bowing to the councilmen to give me one.
You practically ignored me, Bowie said, not letting any emotion show on his face.
He needed to know just how much of his friend was left after the Kapal training.
Excuse me, I thought it better not to embarrass you in front of your men, Kilen retorted.
They both stared at each other.
Bowie finally stood and gave Kilen a hug, pounding on the armor covering his back.
As Bowie held his childhood friend he wondered how much the magic was affecting the decisions being made by the boy behind the armor.
He thought of his friend being buried underneath a mountain of magic confusion as thick as the armor on his back.
I hope you do not mind if I stay here in your camp while I wait for the king arrival.
Are you kidding.
It will give me the time to catch up with you.
We have not had a chance to really talk since we left Basham.
It is been one thing right after the other.
I wonder if I will ever get back to a normal life.
I always wondered what it must have been like for my dad to be a soldier.
Now I want to know what it is like to return home with stories to tell.
I traveled through a pirate town.
Wow.
You must have seen some strange things.
Do they really put collars on their women.
Bowie looked to want to soak in Kilen experiences.
Ria cleared her throat, I am sure there will be time for you two to catch up with one another later.
I would like to speak about more pertinent matters.
Kilen face became that of the weapon bearer he was supposed to be.
He took his seat followed, by Ria and Bowie.
I have discussed terms of this war with King Rekkan.
He has agreed to discuss a truce before the battle begins.
It was my intention to do just as King Atmos intended for the Elder Wizards to do to stop this war.
I believe that if I can get the council and kings in the same area, we can reach a truce.
There are more dangerous matters at hand, Kilen said ominously.
Something more dangerous than tens of thousands of men fighting to their death.
Bowie looked at a cup of tea that had been poured for him and pushed it away.
Kilen took the one offered to him and drank a small amount almost spitting it out.
I know, it is horrid, Bowie said covering his mouth not to laugh.
Ria cleared her throat, and Bowie pulled back his cup.
You should probably drink it all anyway,Bowie said to his friend.
Ria nodded with a small smirk on her face.
Ria made sure to fill up Kilen cup to the brim again.
Master Kilen, what is it that is so dangerous it can cause a army to stop invading.
Kilen seemed apprehensive to speak, when he did, it came out in a hush.
The Elder Wizards have evidence that the Dark Army has returned.
Ria almost dropped the tea pot onto the table, They said the Dark Army.
Kilen nodded, King Rekkan understood the need to pull all of the realms together to fight against this before the army becomes too strong.
I would still like to stop the war because of the agreement made between realms not being followed by King Atmos or his father.
Many people have different perspectives of problems, Ria smiled.
You are wise to know we must have all parties in the room to meet upon an agreement.
I am glad you have held off on your judgement and come to set up this meeting between kings.
Bowie seemed to snap out of his disbelief and come back to reality, I am sorry, did you say the Dark Army.
I thought they were a myth.
Kilen turned his attention to Bowie, It is a reality.
The Dark Army was created by a soul wizard.
It seems that the Elder Wizards did not find all the soul wizards from the last war.
Most believe the stories of soul wizards to be fake.
What is a soul wizard.
Bowie asked.
Ria interrupted, A soul wizard is one that works on fear and desperation to rip the souls from their victim.
The soul wizard then uses the soul as a sort of fuel to keep them alive.
As a result, the victim body becomes their slave.
They are neither alive or dead.
Kilen interjected, The victim is not a slave so much as an empty husk of a person.
They follow the commands of the soul wizard, but have no feelings, remorse, or willpower of their own.
They are a shadow of their former life.
Ria nodded, They are often referred to as zombies or the undead.
Bowie gave a small laugh, Sounds like that story you told me you were reading about as a kid.
The one where you did not sleep for a week.
It is the same, Bowie.
That book was no story.
It was a historical account of the Dark Army.
Twilix told me as much when we were in Deuterium.
If the Dark Army is rising again then the men that could potentially die in this battle would be the men that could turn the tide of the war.
We must do all we can to prevent this war from beginning, Kilen said staring into his tea as if deep in thought.
Bowie watched him turn the cup in his hand and felt as if the room became darker.
No wonder my friend seems different, what has he seen.
How do you suppose we convince the king, Master Everheart.
Ria drank her tea like it contained no bitterness at all.
She seemed to pay no attention to the mood emanating from his friend.
Kilen emptied the cup to the back of his throat while Bowie tried to remember the tips Kilen had given him about drinking his mother bitter tea.
I know that we can convince the council.
I hope they will do what they can to argue on our side.
I need to speak with Brent and Mary.
I know Mica will probably disagree, and I do not know who the earth seat is.
Ria scoffed, A stubborn woman sits in that seat.
Although her stubbornness could be from her magic, but it seems she has always been that way.
Her name is Tildress.
You leave her to me, I have taught her a few lessons over the years and I may be able to convince her.
I have seen another problem that I tried to take care of when I arrived at the Fire Realm fortifications.
King Rekkan has allowed the Earth Realm civilians to aid in the constructing of their defenses.
He sent them away at my suggestion.
It is been nearly four days since they left his camp.
If the king finds out that his own people are aiding in the destruction of his army, it could be very detrimental, Kilen said clearly worried as he stared into his tea cup.
Bowie sighed, We have already been attacked by a few on the way here.
We did our best to make an announcement to each village we passed through that any aid would be seen as treachery.
Mica also knows and has reported to the king.
They attacked you.
King Rekkan told me he denied them in joining his army, Kilen said.
Bowie continued after smacking his lips, They told us much the same.
After he rejected them, they decided to revolt on their own.
Just like in Humbridge they are tired of not receiving help against bandits and robbers, and having to cater to the occasional passerby from his army.
Kilen visibly slumped, It cannot be helped now.
Turning on your king is something that I do not think I can defend against.
Even though I would probably be one of them if I lived here, there are bigger issues at stake.
Ria patted his hand, We have all done what we could to keep them from harm.
They made their choice.
They sat in silence a moment to grieve for what was to come.
You are a great weapon bearer already, Ria said as she leaned back in her chair.
Bowie rolled his eyes, If you keep talking like that his head will be bigger than the rumors about him.
Ria turned on him with a pursed face clearly irritated, Bowie, a True Weapon Bearer is sort of like a judge.
Just like the weapon bearers of old he seeks out wizards, kings, tyrants, bandits, and trouble makers to bring them to justice where others cannot.
He does not simply pull away because of money, politics, or lineage.
He is the embodiment of justice.
Your friend already seeks justice for three of the four elemental realms.
I myself hope he lives long enough to accomplish his task.
Bowie tapped his finger on the table a couple of times, I hope so as well.
So we are going to get King Atmos to agree to this meeting.
We will do what we can.
Bowie swallowed down the refilled cup of tea in one swallow, smacking his lips as he headed outside.
Master Weapon Bearer, could I ask for your assistance in training Bowie to use his wind magic.
He has not been properly trained.
I see that you can control a wind elemental, so perhaps you can teach him a couple of things.
Ria asked.
Bowie stopped with the door half open.
Although Bowie did not want to think of his friend as superior he had to admit the boy had trained with wizards and could probably help him.
Kilen turned on his stool looking at Bowie looking back.
I believe I can.
I could also help in rejuvenating any of the soldiers here and supply any water needed.
I am going to try to do as many things at once with my elementals for my own practice.
You may see them wandering around without me beside them.
The more I do at once, the better I will be in battle.
If it comes to that.
I would like to see that very much, Ria smiled.
I will let you two catch up a bit now.
Sergeant Crescent, remember you only have a part of a day to practice before the king arrives.
Kilen finished his tea and started for the door before turning around, Thank you for the tea, Wizard Ria.
It was very nice to meet you.
He gave her a half bow before closing the door behind him.
He stood for a moment and thought about how his life had changed so much that he almost forgot the pleasantries his mother had taught him.
Bowie was standing a few feet away looking around the camp.
Kilen looked up to see Mica from across the camp take to the wind.
Within a few moments he was nothing but a spec in front of the clouds.
Bowie adjusted his hat, Well, that is one less problem I have to worry about.
He turned to face Kilen and smiled, The Elder Wizard town, eh.
Yeah, Idleton.
Not quite as exciting as I thought it would be, Kilen replied.
Really.
The name of the town sounds fascinating Bowie said sarcastically.
I figured they would have had a lot of books to stick your nose into.
Kilen laughed, Yeah.
They had plenty of books, but I was not allowed to read any of them.
It was a lot quieter than I thought it would be.
It was kind of like being at home.
Everyone in town had their job, garden, and home.
I did not even see much of the Elders because they were rarely outside.
The month I was their was spent mostly training with other weapon bearers.
You were with them a month.
Bowie asked.
Yes, it only took me three days to find it.
The travel time here only took me a week and I spent the last few days training with the Fire Realm elite weapon bearers called Crimson.
Bowie stopped walking and turned to Kilen, So while I have a wizard that promised to teach me and still has not stopped flying around to keep his promise, you have trained with weapon bearers, a Kapal, Crimson warriors, and Elder Wizards.
Kilen nodded in response and stepped in close, Who is the girl watching us.
Bowie glanced around and finally found Auburn with her bow ready a couple tents away, Yeah, sorry about her.
She just got an imbuement of earth magic and now she thinks she has to protect me.
I can not get rid of her.
Not that youd want to, eh.
Kilen nudged Bowie with his elbow while he stared at Auburn.
His friend usually liked anything that would give him a spare moment or dance.
Bowie cleared his throat, It is not like that.
She cute and all, but not my type.
Besides, she said she would kill me if I tried.
They both laughed a bit and started walking around the camp again.
Kilen followed Bowie, still unsure of where it was they were going.
He soon found he was standing amongst soldiers and workers cutting out thin slices of wood and using clay to draw circles on them.
The thin slices of wood were then attached to tree branches and Kilen realized they were targets.
Bowie stepped out twenty five, fifty, and seventy five paces, sticking an arrow in the ground at each interval.
Watching Bowie work, Kilen took a moment to look around the camp beyond the red haired girl watching him.
Each man looked happy and prideful.
Each person running to do as Bowie had commanded.
He knew that Bowie had truly become a commander of men.
They trusted his judgement.
They strived to do the best they could do because he required it.
The tents had all been erected.
Campfires burned hot, surrounded by men not idly lounging around arrows were being made and food was being cooked and passed to those who could not eat at the fire.
Training was being conducted in bandages, fletching, archery, and even surgery.
The whole camp seemed to buzz with activity, passing Kilen in their chores as if he did not exist.
The troop only stopped to glance at the elementals that shadowed him.
Here, Kilen was an outsider.
Kilen began to wonder where he did belong.
The people of Humbridge would never look at him the same.
Because of the trial, the nobles of Deuterium would not allow him to live without looking over his back.
The Elder Wizards would not accept him until they felt he had fulfilled his duty to the world.
He belonged nowhere.
He pulled the chainger out of his shirt to examine the two large rings his father had willed him.
Each with its own imbuement of earth magic, these rings had altered his life and his plans.
No, the choice to accept these rings had altered his life.
He abandoned his mother and hometown.
He had given his best friend over to a life of a soldier.
His sister resting in a castle dungeon would be sentenced to a life of anger and flame.
He had killed two men, taking them from the world.
Another man had given his life to try and help him escape, and still he had disobeyed the order to run.
Kilen knew that the decisions he had made were the right ones at the time, and he would not have changed them.
He had put every effort into protecting the ones he cared for, and this is the only thought that made his choices justified.
Bowie walked over to where Kilen was standing.
Everything okay.
Yes, I was just thinking about how we ended up here.
Kilen looked Bowie in the eye.
He knew that Bowie had accepted his choices with confidence and knew he must do the same.
Shall we get to training you in wind, or do you have other obligations.
Bowie shook his head, I think Id better do all I can now.
Kilen nodded, You said the girl had an earth imbuement.
Auburn, yes.
Ria has been teaching her to renew the troops and grow plants.
She picks it up quicker than me.
Bowie waved the overprotective girl over, Auburn, remember me telling you about my friend, the weapon bearer.
I would like you to meet Kilen.
Reluctantly, the red headed girl relaxed the tension on her bow and bit her lip as she held out a hand.
The arrow was still knocked on the string at the ready in her off hand.
Kilen carefully grasped her hand with earthen imbued strength, trying not to crush her.
He always tried to remember his strength could crush rocks.
Without letting go she stared into his eyes, Are you a friend or an enemy.
Kilen was unsure how to answer the question, I am not sure we can ever be one or the other.
I am sure there will be something you do not like about me.
You can trust me that I mean no one harm here.
I already have too many demons in my head to control.
Her eyes narrowed but she seemed to accept his answer as a friend.
Auburn, can I teach you a way to use your new earth magic.
It will help you to protect my friend, Bowie asked.
I would like that very much, but I have to train the troop here.
Bowie cut in, I will have John get them started.
I am sure Kilen can offer you training that Ria may not be able or willing to.
It may very well help keep me alive.
She nodded and Max started to walk away.
Kilen waved her towards Max, You will train with my elemental.
He will be able to teach you while my wind elemental teaches Bowie.
Wait, no.
I thought I would be staying with you.
I I can not leave him.
She nodded towards Bowie.
Kilen spoke in a more commanding tone, We have little time to prepare and much must be done.
I have to split my efforts to train you all for what may be coming.
If you want to protect my friend, go with my elemental.
She shuffled after Max, passing the watchmen surrounding the camp and looking back at Bowie the entire time.
Bowie clasped Kilen on the shoulder, Thank you.
I thought I would not be rid of her for a moment.
Kilen did not look as pleased at Bowie, You need to find an empty space.
Alone where you can train.
I will be there in the form of a wind elemental.
Take your bow and whatever else you will carry into battle with you.
Bowie did not say anything only stared at Kilen.
Like you said, we do not have a moment to rest.
I fear even if this battle is stopped and the armies go their separate ways I will not be able to stay to train you.
You have to learn this now, while I am able.
Bowie nodded and waved John over.
John, this is Kilen.
If he needs anything you get it for him straight away.
I also need you to see that the fletchers all get the training they want with the bow.
John clasped his fist to his chest and ran to do as he was ordered.
He has been stoic since he received his imbuement, Bowie said.
Kilen watched him run away, I will not have time to teach him.
Ria may find the time if you ask her nicely, Bowie gave Kilen a sort of half smile and jogged off.
Kilen felt Jace brush his face with the wind as he followed Bowie through the camp.
John began barking out orders and filing ranks amongst the fletchers.
Some looked too old or too young to pull a bow, but each gave a huge effort to do the things John asked.
A short description was given of how to hold the bow, how to breath, and how to aim.
The session did not fall on deaf ears and each man seemed ready and eager to learn.
Kilen listened as John shouted the commands that would be given during a battle.
Knock, raise, loose.
Each man followed his command with empty bows as the orders were given in a repeating fashion.
Kilen found a log used to sit on and rested.
Joahna stood beside him, fluttering his wings from time to time.
Kilen lowered his head and rolled his shoulders as if they hurt.
His shoulders were fine, he just needed to speak to Joahna.
I need you to go and heal these men.
Find their aches and pains and renew them.
Keep a close eye on Auburn and Bowie, as I am sure Jace and Max will be less than unforgiving in their training.
Without any audible acceptance, Joahna flapped his wings and walked amongst the men, reaching out to some that ducked to avoid his touch.
Tucking his wings in, he approached a man from behind on silent footsteps.
The man gasped when the icy finger touched his body and began healing his traveling wounds.
When Joahna was finished the man stood and looked at the elemental and then turned to Kilen, Thanks.
The man began talking with others who then stepped up to be healed by magic.
Kilen knew that this experience was probably one they would not turn down since it was so rare amongst a normal person.
All three of Kilen elemental friends were busy preparing the men of the camp.
He found himself alone to ready himself the only way he knew how he opened his book and started writing.
Chapter Making friends Each man was complaining of minor inconveniences and Captain Lorusk did what he must to keep them in line.
His men had grown soft in Deuterium.
He knew he would have to bring them back inline.
It had been a long time since King Atmos had taken his wielders out of the castle to a fight.
Many of them should have been retired, but springing a new war required all the men the king could find.
Most of the soldiers held imbuements, even if they did not know how to use them.
Chit was no different in his ability to use magic.
Riding beside Lorusk, Chit finally managed to restore his own horse energy.
The stupid oaf was now laughing at the troops behind him as he purposely steered his horse into loose dirt to stir up dust clouds.
Chit had almost run into Lorusk twice, trying to hit a patch close to his horse.
Lorus knew the boy was an idiot, and if he continued acting like one the rest of the troop would probably kill him.
King Atmos had ridden hard trying to catch up with the archers troops.
Lorusk often wondered how the archer had gotten so far ahead that one hundred of the kings best knights were having trouble keeping up with one thousand archers.
Most of the archers had to be on foot since supplies and mounts were scarce.
He knew it would possibly be a few more weeks until the rest of the army could cover the ground.
The archer troops could be crushed by the time the army arrived if the Fire Realm decided they wanted the battle practice.
Lorusk was disgusted by how many soldiers in the king army were new recruits, or those hired by nobles to guard their treasures from bandits.
He knew they would be fighting the best the Fire Realm had to offer.
He had heard of the Crimson before and had nightmares of fighting men who were deadly with the sword or with flames like the wizard Mary.
He looked back at her, still as angry as ever, muddling to herself and cursing at the king so called Champion.
Most new recruits would be mucking out stables or standing in towers until they could stand no longer, but Chit had risen in inexplicable haste.
Lorusk had to give it to him though, the boy had strength.
The Captain had done all he could to beat the insolence out of him and failed, only to make it worse.
Lorusk smiled, hoping today was the day the Champion was dispatched.
In the last month of traveling Chit had acquired a full set of battle armor.
He usually stole pieces from other men armor lying about the camp.
He watched and laughed when they could not find it.
Not one spoke up though, just in case they offended the king new pet soldier.
He knew soon enough Chit would have to prove himself.
Lorusk turned in his saddle to inspect the line of men, they were keeping pace for as far back as he could see with the dust Chit stirred up.
The day before he had sent Chit to the back to see if everyone was keeping up hoping the Champion would coke on his own dust.
The boy had returned too soon for Lorusk to stir up much to add to it.
He would have to wait for a narrow area in the road so that Chit could not pass and would have to ride at the back of the column.
It would show him how the rest of the men felt riding behind a jerk.
The captain pointed out a small creek ahead.
He knew the king would want to stop and water the horses.
Brent, their water wizard, had given out too many imbuements before departing the castle and was still too weak to provide the water.
Some water bearers restored their horses on the ride, but it was taxing on their strength.
He watched as his king gave the signal to slow.
Chit seemed disappointed to slow his ride, and his horse probably needed more water than most from jumping from side to side to avoid Chit.
It was a wonder the horse had not broken anything yet.
Lorusk laughed at the idea of Chit and horse tumbling end over end just to be stomped on by the wizard mounts.
Perhaps if it did happen, something would get through that thick skull of his.
Lorusk repeated the order as did lieutenants down the line.
Finally, they pulled their horses to a stop and spread out along the water edge to drink.
Water skins were filled and horses were provided food.
No one really spoke to one another, they knew they would be on the road again soon enough.
As soon as their horses were done drinking they would cross to the other side and wait.
Lorusk crossed first to water his horse on the far side away from the muck the others stirred up.
Chit followed like a pet dog.
Lorusk watched as Chit pulled the strange horse headed blade from his back and looked around the trees as if something was about to attack.
Lorusk felt like he was taking a kid on their first hunt.
Lorusk bent down and removed the plug from his water skin while his horse drank.
He felt a gust of wind from behind and turned his head to see Mica gently touch a soft soled shoe to the ground.
Captain, I have just come from Sgt Crescent is camp.
The weapon bearer has arrived and already passed through the Fire Realms army, Mica said looking about for the king.
Are you staying to report to the king.
Lorusk asked.
Yes, I will report directly.
Mica walked to the water and eyed Chit, still looking around at the trees.
Chit noticed the weird look Mica was giving him and sheathed his sword.
He watched Chit examine the trees while his horse drank without the so called Champion watching over it.
Mica walked over and retrieved the reins so that the horse would not wander off.
Little by little, one hundred of the finest wielders of the Earth Realm passed across the water and tightened their saddle straps for the rest of the ride.
The king crossed amongst the middle of the men in case of an ambush.
Mica waved to him and finally clasped his hand to his chest as he held the reins to the king horse My lord, he cooed.
Your report, Mica.
It was a command, not a question.
Lorusk liked how the king was always straight and to the point, especially on matters concerning the war.
My lord, the weapon bearer has arrived at Bowie final camp no less than a half day ride from here.
He apparently spent a few days with King Rekkan and the Fire Realm.
The king almost smiled at what Mica said, So, he is a traitor.
His voice was almost a whisper as he spoke the words.
How long did he stay in our camp.
I left less than an hour after he arrived to report to you.
I believe when I left he was preparing to train some of the wielders in Sargeant Crescent is camp.
There are more wielders in the camp.
Lorusk asked.
Yes, my lord.
Ria has given Corporeal Curtain, and a fletcher woman both imbuements of earth magic.
Is there anything else you need to report.
The Captain asked.
A couple of things, sire.
The weapon bearer claims to be a True Weapon Bearer appointed by the Elders.
If this is true King Atmos cut him off by holding up a gauntleted hand, I know they appointed him.
I know what it means.
Have you seen Alexander.
I have not seen him.
Kilen has stated that if I continued to attack Elder Wizards, that I would be one of his targets, Mica said seeming shrinking in size.
Atmos uttered a growl, We will not have to worry about him much longer.
My lord.
I have also seen large amounts of movement in the area.
Peasants are scattering from the Fire Realm defenses.
Their wagons are laden with tools.
They keep to the roads less traveled.
They helped prepare the Fire Realm defenses.
Mica nodded in response.
Mica, fly ahead and see if you can halt some crossing over this main road.
We will try to catch up and teach these peasants a lesson, The king said as his face turned the shade of a furious red.
Mica inclined his head and pulled wind magic into the folds of his clothes.
One yank of the sash holding back his robe sent the wizard to the heights of the tree tops.
Atmos did not wait for the wizard to disappear from view.
Captain, bring Wizard Tarka up here and all others bearing the earth emblem.
The Councilwoman Tarka has not crossed the water as of yet.
I will gather the ones here first.
He clasped his fist to his chest.
Atmos raised his hand, Captain, we need to be back on the road as soon as possible.
When you find an earth weilder, have them start restoring others until the entire troop is ready.
The archer and his friend Kilen may be causing more trouble.
It is time they both be reined in.
Lorusk bowed his head and carried out the king orders.
He grumbled under his breath as he departed, still not understanding the king obsession with the boy.
Kara was still not use to life in the castle.
After all it had only been four days, and the change very dramatic.
She had gone from the dungeons under the castle to one of the emptied rooms set aside for councilmen.
Mary had been very gracious to let Twilix stay with her and had given her permission to use it until she returned from battle.
Kara was use to waking early in the morning, but the shutters and heavy curtains blocked out the sunlight coming through the windows.
She stretched and walked about the room in her new nightclothes.
She practiced tiptoeing and walking slowly and then fast, trying to get use to her new adult body.
She did not quite understand how she had aged so quickly.
Twilix had been stuck in a thirteen year old body for years awaiting the time she would age.
Kara on the other hand, had only recently been awoken as a wizard and should have had to wait some time.
Twilix said that it was probably because she was so close to the time when she would have started puberty naturally.
Apparently, when Twilix had her awakening she was still some time from starting puberty.
Kara looked at where Twilix slept.
The large bed with curtains covering it from every side blocked out much of the remaining light in the room.
Most mornings Twilix slept while Kara waited looking about the room.
Twilix would not wake until Kara had fallen over or accidently knocked a cup off a table with her new long arms.
Some mornings it took more than one accident to inturupt the sleeping water wizard.
Kara saw the wood in the fire place and decided to practice a bit.
She felt the fire magic and pulled the red waves of heat she saw in the air from the warmth of summer.
A sphere of fire grew in her hand as it swirled inside of itself.
The sphere turned colors as she pushed its shape smaller, like pushing flour into measuring cup.
With barely an effort, she tossed the ball into the large hearth and watched as it splashed on the unlit logs.
The glow from the fire filled the room and added to the flame vision, coating the surfaces of the room.
She had felt this way of viewing the world was much like being hit on the head too hard things in the room wavered as if a curtain gently blowing in the wind.
With her eyes open she could see everything normally and a second layer of the heat vision wavering back and forth.
The combination of the two visions and her new body made it near impossible to walk a straight line or pick up small objects.
She shook her head to free herself from vision of flame magic.
She knew that shaking her head had nothing to do with changing the way she saw the world, it was something that she did anyways.
She laughed thinking about quirks she had developed by using magic.
She often wiped her hands together after throwing fire or holding flames where it should have blackened her skin.
She looked down and she was still wiping her hands from the flame thrown into the hearth.
She heard the rustle of movement inside Twilix bed.
The sound was followed by two long legs sticking out from behind the bed drapes.
Tiny feet found a pair of slippers and wiggled their way inside.
The new and older wizard Twilix emerged and dropped the bunched up nightdress to the floor.
Somehow the wizard had been able to get a new set of clothes made for the both of them.
Kara went to the wardrobe, excited to pick out a new dress for the day.
Twilix stretched her arms and combed her hands through her tangled hair.
Well, I have shown you the gardens.
We have gotten baths and filled our stomachs with the best pastries the castle can provide.
We have tried on all the dresses.
We have even managed to teach you some magic control.
What would you like to do today.
Kara let out a giggle.
She had loved taking a bath.
In Humbridge there was not a luxurious bathtub.
It would take too many trips to the well and too much time to heat the water.
The large copper tub had been filled by Twilix with magic and heated to perfection.
Kara felt as if she could have stayed there all day, and felt that Twilix would have too, if Kara had not forced her to get out for evening meal.
I think that I would like to see the city.
The city.
I thought we went over this.
Twilix yawned and lazily fell back into bed behind the curtains.
Kara picked out a dress made of a deep blue silk and allowed her to move freely when she tried it on.
She knew Twilix would at some point try to get her to train with magic and having a comfortable dress on was preferred.
She took the dress behind the screen to change.
If you do not want to go to the city then why do you ask.
I was hoping that youd want to do something constructive.
Me, do something constructive.
I had to practically push you each day to get out of bed and do something.
Two days ago you did not do anything except lay in a bath.
I mean it was nice to soak for a while, but I want to see the city, Kara said.
Whether or not I soak in a bath all day has nothing to do with us going to the city.
You know that Brandon has forbidden us to go anywhere near the library or the city.
The accusation seemed to light a fire under the water wizard.
She to chose a dress from the wardrobe and waited on the other side of the screen for Kara to finish dressing.
I am sorry he will not let us go to the library.
I do not like to read as much as my brother, but I would still like to read how to use my magic better.
Kara almost knocked the screen over trying to reach the ribbon lacing hanging from her back.
She made sure the screen would not fall and came around to Twilix who helped her pull the ribbon tight as it laced up her back to pull the corset tight.
It is not your fault.
Lately I have felt like doing nothing at all.
It is the water magic creeping up on me.
Usually I control it better as I slowly grow in strength, but the sudden increase in power has affected my ability to manage.
Twilix let out a half hearted laugh and stepped around the screen, Funny thing is, I know it is affecting me but I still can not stop it.
I felt the same way about the fire magic.
I knew I was angry.
I knew it was stupid to be angry over it, but I could not stop myself.
Kara let out a laugh, I am sure that you will figure it out.
At least we are not restricted to a dungeon, Twilix said from behind the screen.
Twilix had mentioned the dungeon at least once a day, Kara was sure it was to keep her incontrol.
Yes, but I would feel a lot less restriction if we could at least get some books to read.
I want to learn things from a fire wizard and reading it is the closest I will get right now.
Kara was right about needing to learn from those that had mastered their abilities.
Twilix would never be able to teach Kara everything.
Perhaps I can talk to Brandon and get him to at least let me go in and get some books while you are being watched.
Twilix stepped back from around the screen, dressed in a green dress with small flowers embroidered at the hem of the skirt.
She held up her hair for Kara to pull the lacing on the corset tight.
Twilix smiled as each tug was made.
The dresses she now wore were made to fit a woman, and Kara knew she had waited a long time to be a woman.
They both took a turn brushing their hair and pulling it up in the mirror.
Ladies did not wear their hair down after they had reached the age to take on a husband.
Kara may have looked like a woman, but she still had the mind of a thirteen year old girl.
It was a struggle for Twilix to get her to put her hair up like a proper woman.
Today however, Kara at least attempted without an argument.
Twilix returned the favor pinning back layers of shining black locks of Kara hair.
Shall we see if we can find Brandon.
Kara suggested.
Twilix smiled, I am sure he will not be hard to find once the guards see you walking around the halls.
They both giggled, and then Kara cleared her throat.
Giggling was a childlike habit she had been trying to break.
She wanted to feel and act like a woman in all respects.
They opened the door to their room and a guard jumped to his feet from where he was squatting outside the door.
The guard yelled and knocked on the door across the hall, and a wielder stepped out, strapping on his belt.
The wielders assigned to protect the castle now had only one chore to watch over Kara.
The only place that Kara went without them was her room and the privy.
Sometimes all four followed her, but most of the time it was only two.
Twilix turned to the guard, You are relieved of your duty here.
Run along and tell Wizard Parker that we will be waiting for him at the library door.
The bald wielder stuck his head back inside his room and soon emerged with all four men.
Both women knew it was going to be one of those days.
Twilix smiled at the men still in a hurry to prepare themselves for duty.
She was always extra polite, as if they simply chose to accompany the two women through their day.
Kara and Twilix knew they had no choice, but it was polite to act as if they did.
I would like to pick out some books from the wizard library today.
Would you and your friends like to come along.
Twilix asked.
Something peculiar happened on this one morning the guard nodded his head in response.
Usually Twilix had to fill in the conversation as if they had answered willingly.
Kara smiled, Wonderful.
I am glad you all can join us.
Twilix smiled in response and looked to be holding back her desire to giggle.
I am in agreement.
Today is going to be a great day.
The blond wizard stepped beside the large bald wielder and stuck her arm through his as if he had offered it.
She then started tugging along until the man was walking her down the hallway.
The other men stood and stared at Kara, waiting for her to move.
Twilix looked back and saw them standing there.
She gave a tug on her brute arm to stop.
She has two arms, gentlemen.
You can switch out at meals to make sure everyone gets equal amount of time.
Kara smiled and reluctantly one of the men held out his arm.
She tucked her arm through and smiled.
Your arm is cold, She said to the wielder.
Twilix turned herself and gave her new escort a tug, It is not his arm, Kara.
Remember, you are a fire wizard.
You will always be hot.
Kara smirked at the guard, Right.
Sorry.
The guard growled under his breath and started walking with the others in tow.
Kara made light of the situation and started talking about the art and tapestries lining the walls of the castle.
She commented that only a couple of tapestries existed in her home town.
She then talked about her friends and about their families livestock.
The guard did not seem to pay attention, but the one sided conversation calmed her nerves.
She had never been escorted anywhere with a man other than her brother or Bowie.
She was not exactly sure if either of them fit the description of a man.
Kara started to look at the guard arm.
His arms were twice the size of any man she had ever seen.
The thick tree trunks were covered in a carpet of hair of which she could only come to think of as fur.
She watched as the man protruding veins pulsed blood over the thick muscles lying just beneath the surface of the skin.
She felt hot, like they had walked past a brazier.
Her loose hand found the top of her linen shirt to pull it away from the skin to let out the heat she felt building underneath.
The tugging at the shirt made no difference.
The heat did not seem to lessen any.
She suddenly yanked back her arm and the guard stopped.
She looked at him and the two guards following her.
Twilix took no notice and kept walking through the hall.
The guard had stopped and stared at her.
She scrambled to find a reason to pull away, fearing they would lock her up if she was losing control.
Finally she burst out, You are sweaty.
I do not want to ruin my new dress with your grime.
She turned and stalked off following the now slowing Twilix.
The three guards continued to follow after her escort grunted and waved the other two onward.
Looking over her shoulder, Twilix scrunched her eyebrows as if saying, what was that.
Kara just shook her head and folded her arms as she followed closely behind Twilix.
The heat from under her collar still had not subsided.
Kara could still see the guards thick muscles in her mind.
She closed her eyes and swallowed.
Instinctively, she wiped the sweat from her forehead with a handkerchief that was more lace than cloth.
Twilix drew her garud to a halt, Can you give me a moment.
The guard turned his back and walked a few paces forward down the hall.
Twilix stepped up to kara, Is everything okay.
You are sweating.
Kara looked around to make sure she could not be heard by the men standing watch over them.
I do not know what happened.
I was looking at his arm one moment and the next I got really hot.
Twilix giggled and smiled deviously, The arms or the muscles.
Kara looked around and gripped the lengths of her dress in nervousness, Both, I guess.
Twilix smiled and gently placed a hand on Kara arm, Kara, it is ok.
I know you do not understand, but this happened to me too.
You will learn to control it.
What is happening to me.
I feel as if I could light a fire with every inch of my skin.
Kara tugged at her collar again.
You liked looking at a man muscles.
It is natural Kara and not just natural for wizards, but for normal girls as well.
Twilix looked back at the guards, I am sure they are sweating just as much at the thought of holding you close.
Just try not to let them know you like looking.
Should we continue or do you need to go let off some.heat.
Kara slowly shook her head, It does not feel the same as magic heat.
I think I will be fine.
I will just keep my eyes to myself.
She started to walk and stopped again, How long will you be in getting books out of the library.
Twilix looked confused, It should only take a moment.
It is just I do not want to be left alone with the four of them.
Especially if they are going to be close to me.
The smell of them is not helping things.
Twilix nodded, still smiling, It is the one with the brown hair.
He likes to keep clean.
If you could not burn him to a crisp, I bet he would ask you to dance.
Kara cheeks turned red as she glanced at the men down the hall.
The new concoction of hormones threatened to undo all of her work controlling her mind.
Let is not talk about that.
Right now I am not sure if I want to talk to any man, let alone dance with them.
She tugged at her collar to fan herself off.
Is it always like this.
Twilix let out a tiny laugh, Not for me.
It only happens to me when I think of the man I want to be with.
Kara stuck her chin out to the guard that had escorted Twilix.
Twilix laughed in response, No, no.
The man that gets my fire burning is not here.
I hope to see him again soon, but looking at others does not stoke the fire.
She smiled at Kara.
The two girls recently turned into women said nothing more to each other, but giggled all the way to the wizard librarie door.
Kara kept her eyes on the ground and and found a nearby window she could look out while Twilix was inside.
Awkwardly, the group of six stood outside the large oak doors until Brandon arrived with the winded guard.
I thought I told you that you could not take her inside the library.
If Kara attempts to light a single candle the whole place could go up in flames.
Twilix approached Brandon, took a deep breath and looked into his eyes as she touched a frayed string on his robe.
I believe you told us six times that she could not enter.
I wanted to make sure that it was okay that I left her with these men while I went inside.
He started to open his mouth but she interrupted while brushing some dust off of his shoulder.
It will only take me a moment.
Perhaps you would like to stay with her and tell her again where she can and cannot go.
Kara was sure that the dusting did nothing to make his robe any cleaner, but it served it is purpose well.
He looked as though he would need the questions repeated.
Kara wished she knew how to make a man lose his thoughts just by speaking to him.
Brandon finally looked up at Twilix face awaiting an answer.
He practically burst out, You may leave her with us for only a moment.
I have other business to attend to, so make it quick.
Thank you, I will, She smiled and turned.
She put absolutely no sign of urgency in her step as she entered the room on the other side of the large oak door.
Brandon immediately started berating the guards about what they would have done if she had intended to take Kara in.
None of the guards had an answer.
They simply stood and waited for a punishment that did not come.
Brandon stood in the hallway pacing, which made Kara even more nervous.
Finally he asked her a question, How do you like it in the castle.
She smiled but did not look at him, afraid of the new emotions that might bubble up.
It is better than the alternative.
Brandon just nodded in agreeance.
There was a long silence before Kara spoke again, Why is it you fear me more than the guards.
Brandon stopped pacing and joined her at the window, I have a brother.
His name is Brent.
I believe you may remember him from your journey to Deuterium.
She nodded that she remembered.
I am quite a bit older than him.
Even so, I was nearly twenty when I had my awakening and He was seventeen when he had his.
Most of my wizard life I would say that he was by my side.
We even traded magic with each other.
Brandon held out a buckle that held his robe in place and on it was the magic symbol for water a crashing wave.
We taught each other the basics of using the others type of magic so we could defend ourselves.
My brother was particularly adept at using magic, but I on the other hand had better results with the natural magic of words.
He smiled and she finally looked directly at him not understanding his words.
Her expression must have made it obvious I have a particular talent with politics.
Something that I have tried to instill in him.
He ignores my attempts to teach him politics, just as I ignored his teachings of water magic.
You still did not answer my question, She said, staring out the window.
I did, He said.
He received no reaction from her so he continued, There are not many ways I can stop you besides doing my best to kill you.
I have the ability to wield water magic, but the skill to use it effectively is not within my grasp.
I am afraid that if you were to lose control and these men did not possess the means to stop you, I would have to kill you.
He took as step back from the window letting his hands fall to his side.
I am trying to keep the danger to a minimum.
I hope you understand now.
So the more you keep me from destroying and killing, the less likely you are to have to kill me.
Kara asked.
Yes, and it will also be less likely for the king to kill me when he returns and finds you out of the dungeon.
He gave a half smile and cleared his throat but said nothing.
It took a moment for the thirteen year old girl brain to catch up with the rest of the adult conversation.
She finally understood all that Brandon was risking for her just to be out of the dungeon.
Thank you, Brandon.
It is the King Adviser Master Parker to you, Wizard.
He said as he drew himself up and puffed out his chest.
He laughed and let out the air, You are welcome.
Do not disappoint me.
They both turned to see Twilix holding a few books.
She smiled at them, It is good to see you two getting along.
Kara, shall we go to the training grounds.
Brandon winked at Kara and turned up an empty hall.
Kara smiled and was happy to feel no new emotions clouding her judgment.
She had made a new friend.
Chapter Oaths The camp was so quiet Kilen was able to finish a whole chapter in his book pertaining to what a True Weapon Bearer requirements were.
He was unsure if he had all the details so he left a page and half blank to fill in later.
Ria had come to sit beside him after a while but offered no conversation.
She only glanced over his shoulder from time to time as he wrote.
He blew on the still wet ink inside the pages and put the stopper in his ink bottle.
A couple of soldiers had run to put away his belongings in a tent.
He would need to ask around to find out where they had taken them.
In the meantime he thought he should see how the training was going with his elementals so he could at least talk like he was there as the one teaching.
Ria stood as Kilen did, I do not understand how you do it.
How I do what.
Kilen responded as he stuck the book and writing utensils in his pocket.
Write with a smooth hand in perfect sentences and still have the brain to train with not one, but three elementals.
I have seen men split wood, or practice sword forms while their elementals walk around, but not this.
You truly have a talent.
She smiled, still assessing him.
Sergeant Crescent told me that you could also use a wizard grown bow.
She picked up a brown bow from behind the stool on which she was sitting.
The bow had long, arched curves that were slick and looked as polished as his shield.
Kilen had only a little experience with bows and he knew that normally he would never have been able to draw it.
The curves were as thick as his wrists at the end and even thicker in the middle.
Thank you.
He was right.
I do not even have a bow with me.
I have been traveling light since my time with the Elders.
Kilen turned the bow over in his hands, I am sorry, it must be tiring trying to keep all these men awake.
May I energize you.
She stood and curtsied, I do believe that is the first time in a long time someone has asked me that.
Yes, the Elders chose their weapon bearer well.
She smiled and left him alone.
He was still unsure if she wanted the energy.
Kilen also wondered why it was this time the Elders had chosen well.
He was only trying to be polite and do the right thing.
Despite the lack of noise, the camp was full at work.
He stopped by one of the camp fires where soldiers were cooking a deer on a spit.
It took two men to turn it but they had an extra nearby to step in if necessary.
He watched the men work and energized a couple.
They thanked him with a plate of food which he gladly ate.
The constant twang of the bow release on their makeshift archery range seemed to call to Kilen and his new bow.
He walked over and John was there, barking out orders.
He noticed that no one on the range wore the black hat like most of Bowie men did.
The lack of the hat drew his attention to their clothing.
Each lacked any sort of soldiers attire.
Most were wearing the clothing of a normal worker or farmer.
John saw Kilen standing next to the range leaning on his new bow.
He sauntered over to where Kilen was standing.
Bowie thinks pretty highly of you.
He thinks you will be able to stop this battle.
Kilen only knew John from the bar in Deuterium, and that interaction was not positive.
He was surprised Bowie had let the man retain some sort of position.
I will do what I can.
Are these men soldiers.
Not yet.
These are the fletchers, cooks, and workers that we picked up on the way.
One word from Bowie and they all signed on to join in the fight.
It is my duty to train them in case they are needed.
Kilen turned to watch the men making progress under Andrew and Tyler instruction.
They walked amongst the men and helped lift their elbows.
The men needed help with their standing positions.
Like most, these men were probably taught how to use a bow incorrectly by their fathers.
I see you have a new bow.
Care to give it a go.
John asked.
I have no string, arrows, or quiver.
John smiled, Looks like you have come to the right place.
We have some extra right over here.
A newly tanned quiver filled to the brim with arrows rested against one of the wagons.
He held out its stiff unworked leather belt waiting for Kilen to take it.
Kilen reluctantly strapped it on, not out of its quality but because he did not want to take away from the men who might need it to fight for their lives.
No one else needs this.
John laughed, No, we can make more.
Bowie has a knack for finding supplies, we made this on the road.
Tanned and stretched the leather on the side of the wagon as we traveled.
We have enough arrows for the entire army.
John handed Kilen a string, and with his magically increased strength Kilen bent the bow back so he could string it.
He was sure the string would snap and cause him to get cut or lose an eye.
John spoke confidently, It will hold.
My bow is a bit thicker than yours.
She makes them specifically for each of us.
Kilen nodded and stretched the string to its full length.
Releasing the tension, he nodded his head confirming that the string did hold.
One of the target lines was cleared for Kilen to take a couple shots at.
Small targets made from cross cuts of trees hung on ropes at the end of the range.
The fletchers stopped releasing arrows to watch the weapon bearer in action.
Kilen wished they would not watch and thought that they should have had a decent enough show with his elementals walking around him.
They waited for him, so he knocked an arrow and pulled the string back.
He released his first arrow and watched as it made a thwack as it sunk itself deep into a tree twenty five paces behind his missed target.
He looked around but none of the men laughed, so he let out a half a grin in embarrassment.
He knocked a second arrow and pulled it back trying to remember to breathe as Bowie had always told him.
The second arrow landed on the bottom half of the target, or at least what he thought was the bottom.
The target split in two from the speed the behind the arrow.
One half fell to the ground as the other still spun.
The men clapped and Kilen gave them a nod and a genuine smile.
The third arrow also hit its target and still held its place but stuck out the back.
The only part still protruding from the wood circle was the feathers and a finger length of the arrow.
He turned to John who stood behind him with massive arms crossed in front of him.
I better stop while you still have targets down range for your men, Kilen said unstringin his bow.
John gave a nod from behind him.
the form of a crystallized winged man stepped out from between tents John was standing in front of.
Kilen only saw a flick of a hand that told him to follow.
Joahna said nothing until they were out of camp.
This woman, Auburn, has some real talent as a warrior.
Ive never seen anyone fight quite like her.
Really.
Kilen could not believe it.
He anxiously followed through the trees until he started to hear limbs breaking and crashing.
He rounded a trunk and saw Max elemental form throwing stones into the trees and a figure jumping from branch to branch.
The jumping was followed by an arrow whistling through the air only to shatter on impact with Max stone body.
Max stopped and waited for Auburn to stop as well.
Auburn took two more leaps and three more arrows before she saw Kilen and Joahna standing a few paces away.
She stood confidently on the tree branch towards the top.
The branch itself seemed to straighten and hold her higher.
Kilen used the earth magic and watched as Auburn pushed the plant to grow to her wishes.
A small bundle of new branches came stretching out of a knot in the tree.
She grabbed the now arm length branches and snapped them off.
The new branches immediately went to the quiver on her back.
Kilen was astonished that she had already learned to grow arrows with needle like fletchings as well as fight amongst the trees.
Without moving his elemental lips, Joahna spoke at a whisper, She learns very fast.
If she continues to learn at this pace, she will be a very dangerous person.
Auburn jumped from the tree and turned end over end in the air to land on her feet quietly on the forest floor.
Kilen checked the tightness of the belt and walked between the trees.
He crossed the bow string across his chest and jumped high into the trees.
Before he knew it Auburn landed in a tree close by and comfortably squatted on the limb.
Kilen took a moment to think what he wanted to do next.
She had been practicing with Max, which she thought was Kilen.
He was actually there now and probably needed to increase the training, only he did not know how.
He drew his sword and jumped from the tree to close the distance between on Auburn.
She let out a squeal and jumped to a higher branch and started looking for another escape.
You have been dodging rocks but a man with a sword makes you squeal.Kilen asked.
I did not know you were going to come after me.
She snapped as Kilen joined her on the branch.
She tried to shake the branch by jumping on it but it was steady.
He assumed he had Max to thank for that.
He walked closer trying to mind his step as the farther up they went, the thinner the branches became.
As Kilen got closer to Auburn she frantically searched for another branch and dropped to one farther down the tree.
She had no sword or dagger, only a bow to defend herself.
She knocked an arrow and aimed it at Kilen, far above her in the tree.
He moved down the branch looking for another escape and leapt into the air, hoping to find one on the way down.
A rock burst into fragments as it struck the tree next to Auburn.
The shards peppered her, causing her to let go of the string and knocked arrow.
The wood tip collided with Kilen armor and did no harm.
The tree limbs did worse than the arrow.
On the way to the ground Kilen was greeted with numerous branches, causing scrapes and cuts to any exposed flesh.
He landed with a thud even after being slowed by the thickly needled tree.
When he regained his breath Auburn found her way down with a much more graceful path.
Her face was red with anger and with blood.
You are a cheater.
Max stepped forward and spoke in a voice much like Kilen, Do you think that the enemy will come at you from only one direction at a time.
I teach you to protect yourself so you can protect Bowie.
Look for enemies coming from all directions.
She looked at the stone man and back at Kilen who stood by silently.
Auburn reached up and took a stone from her face.
The crevice left behind soon filled with blood that ran down her cheek.
She had several speckles of rock still in her skin until Joahna stepped in front of her.
Without asking, he placed a clear hand upon her cheek and Kilen watched as pieces of rock removed themselves from her skin and left it whole.
Her angry face flushed red, almost matching the blood now drying on her skin.
She offered no thanks for the training or healing, instead she stomped through the trees back to camp.
Max and Joahna turned away from the camp and went deeper into the trees.
When they found a spot in a small copse of trees Max spoke in a whisper, The girl has some skill with a bow.
She lacks the aggressiveness needed to fight close up.
She retreated into the trees every time I got close.
Kilen just smiled, I only wanted you to help her train, Max.
You did not have to turn her into a warrior.
If anything, we were able to show her a way to stay alive.
Agreed.
We can only prepare them so much.
These men have already been trained and we can not be held accountable for their survival in battle, Max.
Joahna said.
Joahna healed the minor, but numerous cuts on Kilen exposed skin.
Max healed his stamina and they traipsed off to find Bowie and Jace.
Kilen could see the yellow colors swirling violently in the air before he could see Bowie.
The closer they came, the more violent the winds.
He wondered how much learning Bowie truly was getting.
He knew Jace liked to teach by giving trials to the student.
He remembered his first lesson was to find Jace in the Earth Realm capital.
He had no direction or tactics training by Jace.
He had only one task find his teacher in a sea of people.
He found Bowie in a larger open area with small bushes.
The ground was littered with leaves, sticks, and other debris that Kilen thought was probably a result of the training.
Bowie stood with his legs spread wide and his hands balled into fists at his side.
His eyes were closed but as Kilen neared, Bowie head turned a little to the side.
His signature black hat flapped in the wind with it is string tied around his neck.
He strained in the effort he was putting for fighting his invisible trainer.
His long red braid even had trouble resting in the torrent of wind surrounding him.
Kilen noticed that Bowie shirt was soaked with sweat from the mental effort he was exerting.
The wind slowed and finally Bowie jaw became unclenched.
He opened his eyes and pulled his feet together.
I am ready for more when you are.
It will not be as strong as before but I think I am getting the hang of it.
We can give it another round if you want.
Let me get you back up to strength, Kilen said holding his arms out for his elemental friends to take over.
Kilen waited as Max and Joahna passed him and placed a hand on opposite sides of Bowie shoulders.
Bowie visibly shuddered, You are a lot quicker at that than I, remember.
He flexed his hands and lifted his legs stretching them.
I am ready when you are.
Kilen moved to about twenty paces in front of Bowie and watched using his wind vision.
Kilen still was not very powerful with wind and had not been able to do much other than create a light breeze.
He would need to take part in the training Jace offered to match his friend skill.
Bowie closed his eyes and the wind started to rush by Kilen, at first seeming to come from all directions then from directly in front.
The wind was strong enough to let Kilen know he would not stand a chance in facing Bowie directly with wind.
Roots stretched out of the ground entangling Kilen boots.
He knew he would be harder to lift now and could freely concentrate on his wind magic.
He began to push the wind away from his body.
He heard a grunt from Bowie and the wind shifted and changed directions, pushing Kilen forward from behind.
He was not expecting a change so quickly and it bent him over at the waist.
The yellow magic vision let him see Bowie next attack, but there was little he could do to stop it.
Bowie pushed upward on Kilen bent torso, yanking his body free of his earthen bonds.
The roots snapped back into the earth as Kilen body rolled off the current of the wind a few feet off the ground.
Flailing his arms, Kilen was able to land on his hands and knees.
Another attack of wind from the back pushed him forward and he skid to a halt on his armored chest.
Kilen was about done being easy on his friend.
He wanted to see what Bowie was capable of.
Kilen slammed open palms on the ground to launch himself back to his feet.
When he reached his full height, his feet found no ground to stand on and he was slammed to the earth again.
He felt like he had been in this situation before and tried to remember what he had done to stop Alexander from making him feel like a unstrung kite.
Kilen began gathering water to himself, but instead of freezing his feet to the ground he started with a circle of ice around him.
He remembered the stone dome that Brandon had formed when he was fighting Chit for his final test in Deuterium.
The ice formed a circular ridge around him on the ground.
It grew little by little and Kilen clawed for fingerholds in the ground to stay in the growing domes center.
Slowly the ice ring climbed and arched its way above his head.
He heard Bowie voice yelling from outside, No you do not.
As soon as the words left his mouth the wind changed and came barreling down inside the hand sized hole in the top of the dome.
Kilen felt the pressure inside increasing and watched as the sides shattered and flew in every direction.
He was impressed with Bowie, but the match was not over yet.
Again, Bowie started pushing Kilen down, then changed the wind to lifting him up to throw Kilen into the air again.
Kilen clung to the ground just as he had clung to the rock wall when trying to enter the Elder Wizard town.
Kilen watched as the winds began to change and a dome was formed of the wind magic around Kilen.
The yellow wind magic vision was as thick as the ice in the small dome.
Kilen stood while he had the chance watching Bowie attacks glance off the arched sides.
Kilen then knew that Jace must have been helping him.
Kilen decided that he needed to go on the offensive.
Slowly, small tendrils of roots reached out of the ground and started to spiral up Bowie legs.
He glanced down a couple times but decided to keep pushing at Jace dome.
Kilen grew another set of roots to either side of Bowie, they reached straight out of the ground until they latched on to Bowie wrists.
Once Kilen had his friend in the roots grasp, he yanked him to the ground.
All the wind stopped and Kilen ran forward, pulling his sword out of his sheath.
He put the blades tip to the back of Bowie neck, Do you yield.
From the ground, the roots constricted on Bowie struggling limbs.
He finally let them rest where they were, If I do, will you show me how you made that dome.
With a wave of his hand the roots loosened their grip and sunk back into the soft earth.
Bowie got up and rubbed his wrists.
I am sure I can, Kilen said smiling.
Although Kilen had been victorious, he knew that it was only because of his elemental friend abilities.
Even his mischievous friend had found a way to learn magic better than him.
Kilen had always been the smart one, the most talented and skilled in the ways of thinking in Humbridge.
In the world outside of his home, he was a mere beginner.
Jace voice on the wind caught Kilen attention by surprise, The dome was formed by holding the air still.
It takes a great effort to manipulate elements that another wielder already has use of.
If I can control a small bit of air, I can hold it still to form a wall.
The dome wall can be pierced by other elements but the wind cannot pass.
It is the same with fire, earth, and water.
Bowie scratched his head, Wow, that is creepy.
Like a bloody shadow man speaking.
Kilen smiled, although he knew how real the threat of shadow men or the Dark Army was.
He put his arm around his friend and they walked back to camp, covered in dirt and bruises.
It was moments like this that Kilen knew he would be in short supply of.
He cherished one of the last few moments he knew he would be able to spend with his friend.
Bowie walk slowed, There someone coming this way.
Kilen reached out with water vision and saw a man shorter than them wearing a hat and carrying a unknocked bow.
I see him, Kilen said in response.
One of Bowie men rounded a tree and seemed surprised to find them.
Andrew, what do you need.
Bowie asked.
Sargeant, the king has arrived.
The boy looked flushed but was not winded.
Kilen figured he was probably nervous.
We are on our way back, Bowie replied.
Andrew ran ahead of them.
Kilen cleared his throat, I guess our time together was a bit short lived.
Bowie nodded in agreement and put his hat on his head.
Together they strode through the woods back towards camp and the awaiting king.
The camp was a frenzy of activity.
The Black Hats were being ordered by a number of knights around the camp.
A few tents were being erected and food was being snatched from Bowie camp fires.
Horses were still trailing in, causing a stir of dust.
Kilen snatched the nearest soldier wearing a black hat, I need to get to my tent.
Do you know where my things were taken.
He spoke no word, only lead the way through the sea of tents.
Kilen gave a half wave to Bowie as he followed after the boy.
He looked inside his tent and found his belongings and one of the king wielders getting ready to make himself at home on his cot.
I will just gather my things and be out of your way, Kilen said, picking up this shield and packs.
The man said nothing.
He looked Kilen up and down as he ripped a chunk of meat from the stick he held in his hand.
Kilen gathered his pack, shield, and helmet.
He turned to leave and nearly ran into Brent and Mary.
Brent smiled, I thought that was you.
Holding Kilen at arms length he examined him, I was skeptical that they actually raised you to be a True Weapon Bearer, but here you are.
He leaned in close, You will have to tell me what a True Weapon Bearer is.
Later.
Kilen let out a little laugh, I will tell you all about it if I have time.
There are some things I need to inform King Atmos about.
Of course.
We do not want to hold you up.
Let us be off to see if we can council with the king.
He seemed very urgent to get here.
Brent said.
Brent smiled even as small sparks crackled off Mary arms.
The water wizard paid no attention to fire councilmen, but immediately turned as an ice man with wings approached.
Brent pointed at Joahna, Yours.
Before Kilen could answer, Max looking almost identical stepped up behind Joahna.
They both are, Kilen said in a steady voice.
Mary seemed to stop sparking for a moment, for what he thought was shock judging by the stunned look on her face.
Kilen did not want to hear, yet again, about how controlling two elementals was rare, so he stepped between them and made for the noisiest part of the camp, where the king would be.
Mica said you were using different elementals, but I thought he meant at different times.
Are you able to fight with them effectively.
Brent asked.
Brent and Mary followed behind Kilen weaving in and out of the tents.
Max and Joahna trailed in behind remaining silent.
I have been practicing.
The Elder Wizards were able to teach me a lot.
They were also able to inform me that a soul wizard roams the elemental lands.
We need to prepare for a dark army.
Brent reached for Kilen shoulder to stop him, Kilen, this is not information you just give out.
You need to be careful who you speak to.
He stepped closer and talked in a whisper, The minions of a soul wizard can be used to spy on the ranks of their enemies.
If there is one in camp, they would know that we know about them.
You could be killed in your sleep to keep information like this from getting out.
Mary was not sparking at all now, instead she was glancing from side to side as if the shadows in the falling light would spring to attack her.
She reached her hand up and lit it aflame.
In the yellow light Brent is face looked very serious.
I will try and do better to where I speak words like these, Kilen said still not caring who heard him.
Brent nodded, See that you do.
This is why I would not let you see the book I was reading when we traveled.
King Atmos has been receiving reports of the dead walking.
As far as I can gather from the old books, this is how the first war started.
Kilen took a moment to look around checking to see if anyone was listening in, then continued on towards where a large tent was going up.
In the clearing between the innermost row of tents and the supplies in the center of Bowie camp, the king was watching his tent being lifted into the air.
Horses were pulling in every direction to get the tent to its full height.
Atmos noticed him and turned, Greetings, Weapon Bearer.
Ria has just told me that you were providing a bit of training to the men here.
Kilen went to one knee and clasped his fist to his chest.
Rise, Kilen.
As soon as my tent is up we will speak in a more private setting, Atmos said passing Kilen.
Atmos walked away from the tent and Kilen trailed behind to see Chit and Captain Lorusk pulling a wagon into camp.
Behind the wagon were men, bloodied and bruised, being tugged along by ropes around their wrists.
Kilen took a moment to look at the men behind the wagon and he recognized a couple of their faces.
These men had been in the Fire Realm camp constructing walls.
Kilen, tell me, do you know these men.
Atmos asked.
Kilen swallowed hard, he was afraid that King Atmos would find out his own people were helping the construction of the Fire Realm defenses.
I have seen them before.
The king smiled.
He was looking for something in Kilen.
Yes, I should say you have.
They have confessed they aided the Fire Realm.
They have even stated they offered to fight against us in this war.
These men are traitors.
I told King Rekkan to banish these men from his camp, Kilen tried to gain a little respect.
Yes, so they told me.
They also said that you spent time there fighting against the Crimson.
Kilen nodded.
I thank you for delivering these traitorous men to me.
I think that I will not punish them.
Kilen raised an eyebrow in confusion.
I even think that I will allow them to fight against us.
I cannot force them to thank me for traveling all this way to defend their home from the invading army.
So if they want to fight beside the Fire Realm, then why not let them.
Kilen could not understand where Atmos was trying to lead him, but he sensed a trap in any response he would give.
He could not condone the men of the Earth Realm helping the enemy.
But it was almost honorable of King Atmos to let the men choose their own side to fight on, so Kilen nodded in agreement.
King Atmos slapped Kilen on his armored shoulder, I am glad you see it my way.
He shouted to the front of the wagon, Champion, come here.
Chit slowly climbed out of the wagon seat, spitting the dust from his mouth.
Lorusk untied a cloth from his face as he followed with a more lively step.
Chit, we need to find a weapon and some armor for these men.
They wish to fight against us and it would not be fair to send them into battle without something to protect them, Atmos commanded.
Chit slowly nodded and sauntered off to follow the king order.
Captain, I need you to gather the men of this camp.
I am sure they will want to be a part of what I have to say, Atmos said.
The captain fist banged on his armor and he went to talk to Bowie who started shouting orders for his men to assemble.
Bowie brought in all the men and reported to the captain, All but the sentries standing watch are here.
Wielders in gleaming armor and a sea of the thousand archers wearing assorted black hats stood silently as the king paced, gathering his words.
Men, He paused, almost if waiting for an answer that did not come.
I am truly sorry for the opposition that you faced in getting here.
I would not have allowed your sargeant to press forward if I had known he would have to kill the people of this great land.
Atmos turned to Bowie to see his face red with anger, You had traitors in your grasp and you let them go.
You let them back out into this land so they could kill more people of this realm.
You are lucky that you are not joining these men fighting as our adversary.
Bowie Crescent, you are demoted to the rank of soldier.
Sergeant Curtain will take your place and will be your superior.
Sgt Curtain.
John moved through the crowd and put his fist to his chest.
You are now in charge of the archers here.
You should know them well enough.
See to it that your former superior is punished for his acts, and I want those hats burned by morning.
John gave a bow and moved back to take Bowie place in the front.
Bowie slowly walked back, giving Kilen a look.
Kilen knew this is usually where Bowie would give some words to whoever was berating him.
Kilen was happy Bowie held his tongue for once.
Chit emerged with a set of rusty armor and a weapon and started helping one of the men leashed to the back of the wagon put the armor on.
The man was not a large one, and had a hard time standing with the armor.
The ropes were cut free but left hanging around his wrists.
Chit finally handed him a short sword and closely watched him tie it on his waist.
Once the man was dressed and looking about awkwardly, the king spoke, Great.
Sir, you will not fight against the Fire Realm.
You will be granted your wish and fight against the Earth Realm.
The King paused waiting for a reaction from the crowd.
You will face us one man at a time until we are all defeated.
Come forward.
The man finally started begging, This is not what I wanted.
Please let me go home to my family.
I will not fight with the Fire Realm.
The entire camp watched as the man begged for his life in the campfire light that found its way between the soldiers.
Nearly a thousand men and only one spoke, crying out into the night.
Kilen felt bad for the man, but he could not turn back time to help stop him from making the traitorous choice.
Finally the king approached and Chit took a step to the side, This is exactly what you wanted.
You wanted to stop these men from cleaving our lands of the Fire Realm.
You built defenses that were designed to kill these men.
Kilen watched the face of the knights that stood around the king.
Some were nodding in agreement but most were dreading what would happen next.
You wanted to fight against us, so stand and fight.
He nodded to Chit who nodded back.
Pulling the mule headed sword from his back, Chit retreated two steps.
He flourished the unpolished blade around his body then held it in one hand, waiting for the other man.
The man still begged as tears ran down his face and the more he did, the more Chit smiled.
Stand up and fight, Chit chided.
The man was either very tired or very distraught, his legs were bent and his entire body sagged as he cried for mercy.
The man slowly pulled his rusty blade from the sheath.
Kilen could not believe that Chit had been able to find armor and weapons so poorly taken care of.
The tip of the blade went directly to the dirt as soon as it left the sheath.
The man wrists were almost totally limp, and mucus seeped from his nose and mouth as he cried.
Chit took a step forward and the man eyes went wide with fear.
Chit with his bastard sword in his right hand.
His strength being bolstered by the imbued armband he wore made the two handed sword easy to lift.
The man raised his sword above his head to block Chit is blade.
At the last moment, Chit altered his strike and went wide.
Expecting the blades to collide, the man small sword pointed straight to the sky, leaving him open and vulnerable.
Chit easily corrected his stroke with the blade hewing the man hand from his arm, with fingers still gripping the hilt.
The rusty sword almost hit the onlookers.
Blood sprayed Chits armor and the man let out a scream that raised the hair on the back of Kilen neck.
Gripping his stump of a wrist, he fell to his knees screaming out in either pain or terror, no one could be sure.
Chit looked around the camp and found no one cheering.
Kilen knew that even when the commoner did not stand a chance, Chit would think that he deserved praise.
The lack of cheers enraged him, forcing his face to turn red.
In Chit is eyes the fight had just lost its amusement.
He grabbed the man by the neck and pushed his blade into the top of his shoulder through his chest until it exited the ribcage and into the ground.
The man screaming stopped and Kilen presumed it was due to the pain in breathing.
Kilen closed his eyes and prepared for the impact.
The familiar concussion reverberated inside his head.
The world spun but Kilen was able to stay on his feet.
He felt a breeze straightening him where he stood.
Inside his head the hysterics blossomed once again.
He could barely think over the man voice resonating where no one else could hear.
He pushed at the voice with anguish, just as he had with Joahna and Max.
The voice shriveled but he could still hear the man crying.
Inside, a knot of emotions was threatening to overwhelm him.
He concentrated on his own emotions and tried to ignore the man pain and fear.
When he opened his eyes the king was staring at him.
If you are to be a weapon bearer, you will need to exact the same kind of justice yourself some day.
If you cannot stomach the job, perhaps you should go back to the Elder Wizards and retire your blade, Atmos said mocking him.
It is not that I can not stomach it, Kilen said defiantly.
The king laughed and as if on cue, so did the rest of his wielders.
Then why is it you look as if you will sick up.
Kilen took as step forward and spoke with authority so others could hear him or perhaps so he could hear over the dead man screaming in his head.
Sometimes it is a bit hard to hold three elementals at once.
Perhaps when you can do it, you will be able to tell me not to sick up.
Besides, I see no pleasure in seeing a man die, even if he is a traitor.
Max emphasized the words by unleashing his stone wings.
Joahna did the same and Jace stirred up a dirt devil stretching to the sky.
Kilen marched to the king newly erected tent and found stools already around the table inside.
He took a seat and waited for the others to join him.
The council entered first and found plates of food already sitting around the room, a pitcher of water and bottles of wine sat on trays with cheese and bread.
Kilen had seen nothing but meat since arriving and wondered where everything had come from.
Then he remembered the wagon the men were pulled into camp on.
He figured the king had all but pillaged a village on the way.
Brent found his way over, I may have heard you wrong.
Did you say three elementals.
Killen nodded his head, You heard right.
He pulled out the dagger tucked into his beltline hidden by the cape he wore.
The sight of the dagger caused the man inside him to scream again until Kilen pushed at him.
The effort to silence the man was taking its toll.
He wiped the sweat from his brow with his sleeve.
The Elder Wizards gave me this when I became a True Weapon Bearer.
Brent looked at the knife and nodded his head.
All of the council was there except for Mica.
Kilen saw him in the crowd but he knew Mica would not leave the king side.
Brent held a hand out to his side, Kilen, I would like to introduce you to the new Earth Council Seat, Sasha Tarkey, born in the Wind Realm.
Kilen stood and shook her hand.
Tell me Weapon Bearer, what is a True Weapon Bearer.
She cooed her words smugly as she spoke over a cup of wine.
Her hair was a light brown color, pulled back in a bun.
The few strands that had gotten loose were tight curls that seemed to bounce as she moved.
Her cheeks were fat, but the rest of her body slender in a way that made her look like she could have fit in with any village.
As it was told to me, Kilen began.
A True Weapon Bearer is what every weapon bearer should have been.
They travel the world seeking justice for those that cannot get it themselves.
They answer to no king nor to a wizard, not even the Elder Wizards.
They stared at him seeking a more thorough answer, so he continued.
They asked me to stop this war because of the soul wizard.
I know they have sent out other weapon bearers to stop the threat and could spare no one else to come here.
Kilen had not noticed King Atmos standing at the tent flap and was almost startled when he spoke.
So I am just to back away from the invading army.
The king moved around the small table in the center and pulled up a stool to begin eating.
I have spoken to King Rekkan.
He has agreed to meet with you to seek out and destroy this wizard.
I came here as soon as I found out the camp location so I could await your arrival, Kilen said.
Again, am I just supposed to forget that King Rekkan invaded the Earth Realm.
Justice for the invasion will have to be set aside for another day.
The fates of the elemental realms are in danger of a potential dark army rising.
Kilen retorted, trying not to sound like he was giving an order.
Council.
Atmos said as he popped a piece of cheese in his mouth.
Mica stepped forward, My lord, I have been thinking about this since I learned about the soul wizard.
And your conclusion.
The king asked.
I do believe that a negotiation would be suitable for our two realms.
I believe that it will be hard to trust one another, but with the traitors in our realm it would once again unify your land to see you working with the Fire Realm.
Perhaps after we take care of this soul wizard we can negotiate a settlement for their destruction here, Mica said looking to the other council members trying to sway their judgment.
King Atmos waved his hand to continue while he was eating.
Ria stepped forward clearing her throat.
If I may, your highness.
He nodded.
I have been with the troops here.
I know that the fighting is yet some time off because our main portion of troops having not yet arrived.
Right now we face close to forty thousand Fire Realm troops to our own one thousand.
I dare say that a discussion of truce would benefit and speed the demise of this soul wizard.
If we act quickly by having messages flown ahead, we could turn the main portion of your army and perhaps corner this soul wizard, She said stepping in front of Mica.
How do we corner a soul wizard.
Where is it that a soul wizard cannot go and not rip people souls from their bodies, Atmos snapped.
Kapal, my lord, She answered.
The room went quiet.
I have done some research from my time with the Elder Wizards and this is a soul wizard undoing, She explained.
Yes.
Brent exclaimed.
I believe there is some speculation in the library at the Earth Realm.
Brent was speaking in a hurry, clearly excited with new knowledge to add to his research.
I do believe that the Kapal race is a result of one of the soul wizard husks being impregnated by another living person.
Ria nodded, Yes, this is the truth.
One of the soul wizards own husks, as Councilman Parker calls them, gave birth to the first Kapal.
When he first entered the world, the mother body finally disintegrated without the soul wizard magic to keep it together.
We need to get this soul wizard close to the Kapal so they can stifle the ranks of their dark army.
The king waved them off, Mary, where do you stand.
I am in favor of the negotiations.
She said from an open area near the back of the tent.
She was probably standing away from anything flammable Kilen thought.
The earth council seat, Sasha, stepped forward, I am in agreement as well.
If my council is in agreement, I will accept the request to meet in negotiations for a truce.
I trust that you will be there to hold the meeting, Kilen.
It was a command, not a question.
I will leave when as soon as I can so I may arrange it, he replied.
Halfway between our camps, in a large clearing, and at noon.
He may bring fifty of his men with him to ensure his safety.
I will bring mine as well.
These are my terms,Atmos said taking a bite of meat.
Kilen bowed his head, I will see that it is done.
Good, with this all settled I wish to get some rest.
You are all dismissed.
Mica, I wish to speak with Captain Lorusk, the king said waving the rest of his council away.
Mica bowed his head and rushed out of the tent.
Kilen departed after him, followed by the rest of the wizards.
Kilen watched as the archers carried off the former body of the man that now whimpered in his head.
He knew that he would have to speak with the voice soon so he could explain what was happening.
The flames blazed as Bowie former soldiers tossed their hats on to the campfires.
Bowie stood nearby watching with his uncovered braided hair hanging behind him.
From behind there were little differences between him and his protector, Auburn.
John stood and made sure that Bowie watched every hat being burned apparently that was Bowie punishment for letting the traitors go.
Brent caught up with Mary and Ria in tow.
Kilen, we must speak.
I have a meeting to arrange so you will have to make it quick.
The skinny wizard cleared his throat but spoke in a whisper while looking around, Did anything seem strange about that meeting.
Kilen was picking up his pack, trying to think of everything odd that occurred.
The man in his brain was drawing most of his attention, but he was still rather pleased that the king had agreed to meet with King Rekkan for a truce.
The wheels of his mind started to turn and he realized what Brent was suggesting.
It was too easy.
Yes, when has the king ever not argued against anything involving you.
He gave in without so much as a minor complaint.
Kilen nodded and pushed again as the man started to sob at the mention of the king.
You are right.
Something is strange about this, but we will have to let it runs its course.
We will be cautious.
So far he has agreed to this meeting and that is all we can hope for.
We will be able to attend this meeting.
The rules of negotiations state that wizard councils may be present.
If something changes, we will do our best to let you know, but you should expect us there.
Brent patted Kilen shoulder.
King Rekkan did not bring a council with him.
Only a war party.
Kilen spoke softly.
The others nodded, flashing looks between one another.
Mica entered the king tent with Captain Lorusk on his heels.
You wished to see me, your highness.
The captain asked as he bowed.
The council and I, along with fifty of our best wielders, will be meeting with King Rekkan tomorrow at noon to discuss a truce.
When that happens I want you to flank their main defenses and wait for my flare signal.
Kill as many of them as you can.
I will handle King Rekkan.
We will end this war and I will take Rekkan prisoner all in one day without the need of my army, Atmos said slamming his fist on the table.
What of the weapon bearer, my lord.
Mica asked The king laughed, He will be to blame.
The Fire Realm will not trust him to set up any meetings.
You saw him tonight, who colors does he wear.
Your colors, my lord, Lorusk responded.
Will you have the strength in magic to take Rekkan.
Mica asked.
The only magic I will use will be the strength of my arms.
Follow my orders exactly.
We will leave the camp and as soon as we are out of sight, Mica will issue the orders for the rest to flank them.
Mica will then join us when all of our soldiers are in place.
When he arrives it will be my signal that all preparations have been made.
I will crush their king.
Wo not their fifty wielders attack if you take their king.
Lorusk asked.
I hope they would.
Their attack would make my council a reason to be here by forcing them to fight for their lives.
I could use to lose a couple of the council members in the struggle as long as they are the correct ones.
The weapon bearer will be our only trouble.
If he joins their side, we will need to focus all of our magic on him.
He holds three elementals and from what Mica has told me, he is as good with each of them as he is with one.
My lord, I should be able to take him with wind.
He is very weak with that particular element.
Before you arrived I was watching his efforts in training his friend Bowie Crescent.
The archer has a lot less time and little to no instruction in using wind but was able to best Weapon Bearer Everheart.Mica said with confidence.
The king scratched his chin, That is good news at least.
If you can keep him wrapped up with wind, I will be able to concentrate my magic on the Crimson that will surely come.
In a low voice Lorusk asked, Where will you send the Champion.
Already tired of the boy, Lorusk.
The king laughed, Do not worry.
We cannot risk him giving away our intentions.
I will send him to fight with the forty wielders and the archers.
He may stand a chance of living if he is not near the Crimson.
Lorusk let out a sigh then clasped his fist to his chest, I will hand pick the men for the meeting myself.
They will be rested and ready for the morning.
His cape billowed out behind him as he departed the king tent.
The king stood, Do not fail me, Mica.
I want that boy unable to use a single ounce of magic.
If he tries to stop me, in anyway, I will take his head and weapon before he has a chance at another trial.
I give my oath by penalty of death, he will be yours before we eat our noon meal.
Mica bowed low, making sure his robes stayed behind the sash.
Chapter Meeting of Kings Kilen found a spot just inside the valleys mist covered hillside where he could be sure to talk in secret.
Birds chirped and he had seen a stag leaping towards the running water for a morning drink.
It would be hours yet before the fighting began, but Jace had made it very clear that he was supposed to be here long before.
He checked his new bow one more time, just incase he saw a smaller animal he could try to hunt to calm his nerves.
He wished he had his father there with him.
Dylan Everheart, the wielder and scout, would know what to do.
Joahna came close enough in the mist that Kilen could see him with his natural vision.
He watched him approach with the water vision through the thick fog.
Max was getting very good and would often avoid notice by traveling as a few grains of sand through the earth.
His stone like body covered in green sprouts of grass that looked like hair rose out of the ground.
Jace used the natural mist to give the outline of his body by trapping the mist inside a bubble of wind that rotated where it stood.
The ghostly face that Jace produced had much more emotion than the others.
Kilen had known Jace personally before he died.
Jace is the reason that Kilen really knew hearing voices inside his head did not mean he had gone crazy.
The ghost like form also had the most natural sounding voice, How are you feeling, Kilen.
Jace asked.
Kilen knew he was not asking about his body, but of the newcomer to his brain.
He screams or cries, nothing else.
Shall I speak with him.
Jace quietly asked under the muffling mist.
I have managed to keep him at bay.
It will not be long until I will need one of you to join him and help explain what is going on.
Kilen turned to Joahna, When I pushed at you inside my head before, did it hurt.
I am not sure if what I felt could be described as pain, he replied.
It pushed us into a place that seemed like we could not talk to each other.
I felt loneliness more than pain and that was terrifying.
If anything, perhaps we can teach him to talk inside the darkness of your mind where you cannot hear him cry.
Max said acting as if it was not a problem at all.
He kept glancing around and shifting stones in his body.
Jace changed the topic, This is not a problem for here and now.
Do you have a plan or middle ground for the negotiation.
I was thinking that perhaps I could go in your mind and help you speak.
I have been trained in negotiation.
Joahna reached up to tug on his leather straps but realized he was not wearing any.
He had been caught trying so he made the straps and tugged on them anyways.
Max grunted, I do not think any of us should go in his mind.
We were all suspicious of Atmos.
We all know he will try something.
It is better if we act as the elemental mediators.
Max was speaking directly to his brother when he spoke these words.
Elemental mediators.
Kilen was lost with most of the talk and was scrambling to keep up with the conversation listening over the man who had suddenly began to wail again at the mention of the king name.
Jace spoke in his teaching voice.
A voice he had often used when he first met Kilen.
He did not know Jace had different voices until he was inside Kilen head talking all the time.
An elemental mediator is someone who is strong in a power and is able to control all of an element in an area so others cannot use it.
He stepped closer, Remember when I spoke to Bowie about taking control of magic that someone else already had control of.
Like the wind dome I used to prevent his wind magic, that is what a mediator does.
They control the magic around the party, that way no one can use magic to fight.
Then the party is bound by using their words or fists.
Kilen nodded that he understood, but did not speak.
Joahna waited for a response and when none came he voiced his concern.
We can control all but the fire magic.
It will give an advantage to the Fire Realm presence, and we know that the Crimson also have the advantage of advanced fighting skills.
Atmos may see that as a threat.
Jace form faltered as he looked to the sky, If we do not let them know we hold the magic, it could help.
Besides, who would guess that Kilen could hold all the elements against so many other wielders at the same time.
It would take an immense amount of power and concentration just for one wielder to keep a hold of one element.
They do not understand that there is actually four of us.
All we have to do is stop them from killing each other and hope the negotiation goes well.
Joahna smiled at Jace, I think you have it right, Jace.
Controlling the elements is our only chance to do everything we can to prevent this battle from starting.
All of them nodded their heads in agreement.
Max voice sounded like sand sliding over rock and is probably how he made himself speak, How will we handle anyone that tries to use magic.
Kilen got his first opportunity to offer his opinion, You turn it against them.
Make it do the opposite of what they want.
If Micca wants it to lift himself, have it push him down.
If Atmos tries to shake the Crimson, make it shake Atmos.
If Brent tries to freeze the enemy, then freeze his own hands.
If they use magic make it a choice they regret, but remember no one dies.
They all nodded and smiled, Max even patted Kilen on the back.
Listen Kilen, if we are going to make this work we must get to the meeting area so we can control the elements soon.
The three men assumed their most used forms Max a horse, Joahna a bird, and Jace again, was formless.
Max crossed the valley and found a rather flat portion of land with smaller trees.
Kilen worked to help build a fire that would signal the other parties of where they were to meet.
He knew he would have to extinguish it later to avoid giving the Fire Realm even more advantage, so he kept it small.
Max pulled the last bit of dried meat out of the satchel that Leroy had packed.
He formed a stone mug for Kilen and Joahna filled it with hot water to brew Leroy special tea.
Sometimes Kilen missed having someone inside his mind to keep him from getting too focused.
Each time he thought about working the sword, the man in his head started screaming.
He tried to think of other things.
When he tried to imagine the meeting, the man would start wailing as Kilen imagined King Atmos speaking.
He had to push at the man, but it seemed to have little effect so he let him scream for the moment.
It was best to wait until it was important to quiet him.
Kilen mouth burned like it use to as he bit into the strips of meat which seemed to to block out the man voice for a moment.
He thought that perhaps not having tarts to cool his tongue was a good thing for once.
Only a few moments after the last of the king men left the sight of camp, Mica and the remaining troops started issuing orders.
Bowie had men continuously ask him what his orders were.
He told them to ask John for direction.
He was following the orders he had been given.
He knew if he did not, or tried to issue orders himself, he may have to pay the price with his life.
Auburn followed him around the camp as he filled his quiver for the third time, due to newly arrived wielders snatching the arrows from him.
The first set had been crafted by him, but the last two were made by the men he trained.
Most of the wielders thought they were getting a quiver full of Crescent arrows for free.
He was already returning with his fourth set of arrows and Chit grabbed him by the shoulder, You will be in the back where I can keep an eye on you.
Auburn practically hissed, I will be back here where I can keep an eye on YOU.
Chit turned and looked at the red headed girl with a braid slightly longer than Bowie, Is this your protector.
She looks like shed be good for taken behind your father place and bouncing her on my lap.
Chit nudged Bowie with a strength imbued elbow that almost knocked him over.
Bowie went to respond but Auburn held up a finger to her lips and shook her head not to say a word.
She gave Chit a smile that said she would like a bit of time on his lap.
She sauntered over with an arrow still knocked on her wizard grown bow.
When she got near, she looked up at his giant frame and ran a single finger along his jawline.
Auburn smiled and drew the finger down his chin and neck, then to his armored chest.
He stood tall as if this was not out of the ordinary for him as she traced her finger on the curves of his metal chest.
She stepped close tilted her head slightly waiting for Chit to lean over.
When he did her mouth turned up in a smile.
With a shove of her hand she sent Chit crashing into one of the trees filled with needles.
He could do worse than me for a protector.
Let this be your warning Champion you harm him in any way and you will find yourself turned into a pincushion, Auburn said stomping back to where she had come from.
A wielder in shining steel trotted up on a horse, Where is the Champion.
A sound of spitting and groaning came from the tree.
Auburn smiled, He wanted me to join him, but I told him we would probably be moving out soon.
The man atop the horse looked her up and down as she made small turns of her body to distract him from thinking.
Champion, get out of the tree.
They need you to at the front of the line.
Chit emerged and gave a disgruntled look at the man then slowly walked up the line, still picking needles out of his hair.
The man turned his gaze on Auburn, You can go back to camp.
She laughed at him, You think pretty highly of yourself to assume you can stop me from going along.
The man reined his horse in closer, You think that you can fight as well as a man.
She laughed at him again and squatted down.
Bowie watched as she launched her small frame off the ground and high into a tree.
Balancing atop a moving branch, she knocked an arrow.
It screamed through the air landing at the horse front hooves.
The horse reared up and almost unseated its armored rider.
If you want to go to battle against forty thousand with only a thousand men at your back and deny another wielder to come along, that is up to you.
I would think youd take anyone willing to fight, She said standing confidently high in the tree.
It took the man a moment to answer.
Fall in line and stop wasting arrows.
If anyone has a problem with you, tell them Lieutenant Borgen sent you.
She took a dainty step out of the branch and gracefully landed on the moss covered forest floor.
She slowly clasped a gloved hand to her leather vest, As you wish, Lieutenant.
The lieutenant moved down the line, Chit and Bowie jogged to catch up with the rest of the men.
Auburn took her place beside Bowie at the back.
You should have kept your mouth shut, Bowie said with much disdain.
He knew if they went to the fight, her presence would be nothing more than a distraction to any man wanting to look like her hero.
He presumed that if they did go to battle most of the men here would die.
One of the soldiers who was a former Black Hat turned his head as he tried to keep pace on the run, We all trained to fight.
We might as well all go and fight as best we can so we can be named heros.
Bowie said nothing in response.
He did not want to devastate the kid dreams that no one would remember where he died or how many were sacrificed in this fight.
Auburn must have read the look on his face, He is right you know.
We all came to fight.
All of us have a loved one or a whole town that is thanking us for our sacrifice.
I consider myself fortunate to be coming along.
It is better than being in the camp and waiting for them to come in the night to capture us all and use us for their darkest pleasures.
Bowie had not thought of what might become of Auburn if she were taken captive.
Something clicked in his mind and he suddenly felt an overwhelming urge to protect her.
He tried to shake the feeling and tell himself how ridiculous it was.
He then found himself looking at her face and wondering what her life would have been like if her dad had come instead of her.
He knew things in his camp would have been largely different without her.
They ran on through the trees for more than an hour before slowing.
The lieutenant rode down the line of men as they gathered into one location.
Lieutenant Borgen whispered, I want three ranks formed and we will advance until I give the command to stop.
We will attack on the king order.
When we attack, let no one live.
The wielders here will protect you if the enemy comes close.
Some of the men on horses had dismounted and now walked the line of men giving energy to those that needed it most.
Bowie followed their lead and started walking down the line replenishing energy.
John spotted Bowie and came to him.
He tried to walk through the men but they refused to let John through.
Bowie placed a hand on their shoulder and reluctantly, they stepped to the side.
John spoke so those near him could hear but Borgen men could not.
They follow you, Sargeant Crescent.
They refuse to follow me.
John stood in between the rows of men and let Bowie pass by to continue his work.
John moved between the second and third row of men and took Auburn place replenishing energy.
Bowie slowed and looked at each man as he passed them.
Some nodded, some smiled, others simply stood straighter.
Bowie stopped when he reached Andrew standing in the front row.
Bowie took a step to stand behind him and spoke loud enough that everyone could hear.
If you want to have a chance at survival.
If you want to live.
You WILL follow Sergeant Curtain, and that is an order.
Pass my words down the line.
I will follow Sergeant Curtain and so should you until the moment I lead you again, Bowie said looking into the eyes of all those that would meet his.
Andrew lifted his bow to the sky and let out a yell, YAH.
He lifted his bow back to his shoulder and let out another yell, this time joined by the surrounding men.
Lieutenant Borgen pulled his horse up, threatening to crash into the men and stopped what would have been a third cheer.
Instead of berating the men he spoke loud, We have an hour walk to the south to where the battle will commence.
If you continue to shout, you will alert the enemy of our presence by scaring the game.
Move silently and keep your eyes open for scouts.
Horses were tied to trees and the knights pulled their blades free as they lead the way through the thick trees.
Bowie noticed the wind stir in an unnatural way.
He looked to see Mica floating down from between the trees.
Status, Borgen, Mica said, demanding an answer.
Councilmen, we will be in position within the hour.
Very well.
I will move on ahead and scout the trees.
I have found no scouts directly to your south.
You should be clear to advance to the treeline.
If I find any I will let you know.
Borgan nodded and waved the advance.
The soldiers stepped silently through the green knee length grass.
Bowie was reminded of the days when he lead his men on hunts through the woods for scouts.
He cursed Alexander under his breath for not teaching him how to use his magic.
If hed been taught, less of his men would be injured or die.
Just as Borgen had said, an hour march brought them within view of the enemy camp.
The men stayed behind tree lines and were given only a couple seconds to look at the defenses that were visible through the trunks.
Bowie saw wood walls with openings that soldiers could pass through.
Spikes jutting out of the ground would prevent any horses from running up to the walls.
They had not brought the horses for a reason.
They were given the order to rest by arm signal.
With every breath, Bowie tried to calm himself.
His breathing was loud in his ears and his heart felt as if it would beat out of his chest.
He wondered if everyone felt as he did at that exact moment.
When he turned he could see Auburn with her eyes closed and a hand on her chest.
Her cheeks were flushed and she licked her lips in anticipation for what was about to happen.
He offered her his water skin.
Troops all around him began to share their water and help each other prepare for battle.
Empty skins were tossed on the ground and Bowie started to check his arrows.
He watched as every man within sight began doing what he was doing to prepare.
Bowie finally realized that he truly was their leader.
The thought came to him a little late for his liking, but he tried to calm himself for the people that followed him.
Bowie checked his bowstring, his boot laces, then straps on his quiver.
He checked his dagger to make sure it was in position to employ quickly.
When he had done all he could do to prepare, he grabbed some of the dirt and rubbed his hands with it to improve his grip.
The others followed and he nodded in his satisfaction.
He turned and found Borgon looking at him.
The lieutenant nodded his approval and wiped the sweat from his brow.
Bowie kept his eye on the old lieutenant who diligently watched the sky.
Kilen was glad he arrived early that morning.
He even had to extinguish his fire earlier than he thought he would have to.
King Atmos arrived in viewing distance almost two hours before the meeting was to take place.
He stayed at the ridgeline, but Kilen could make out each and every one of the Earth Realm soldiers in the trees.
Three of the four council members sat on mounted horses behind Atmos.
He watched as they smiled and laughed amongst each other.
As he thought about them laughing, he realized it truly was a cause for celebration.
Two realms were combining forces against a great evil.
Although, something in the back of his mind would not relax.
He did not know if it was the man that threatened to overcome his thoughts with internal sobbing or his distrust for King Atmos.
Mary never smiled, but she nodded to the others engaging the others in their conversation.
Kilen figured that was as close as it would get with her to being happy.
They shared some bread and cheese as they awaited the proper time to come to meet the Fire Realm.
The Fire Realm on his other side looked all too serious.
They squatted and propped their large weapons on their shoulders or over their knees.
The Crimson had brought out fresh strips of red cloth to tie to their arms.
Each strip of cloth fluttered in the warm breeze that had somehow made it to the bottom of the valley.
The open area that separated the two forces was chosen for the sparseness of the tree.
The slightly sloping area was thick with grass only a couple finger lengths high.
The foliage was so low that no one would be able to hid within the area for a n ambush.
Each troop would have a specific tree line that would provide cover for their approach and their retreat if it did not go as planned.
The best thing of all was that the area was a quarter of a day ride from either camp.
Kilen knew his elemental friends were around and doing their best to control the outcome of this meeting, but he still felt very alone.
He leaned down and pretended to tighten the laces on his boots so others could not see his lips moving.
Are you sure you are in control.
Kilen asked.
The stone man with wings did not move, but a sandy voice ground out sounds that resembled words, We are in control as much as we can be.
No one will be able to use magic except the fire wizards.
Remember Kilen, if something does happen, you will be unable to depend on magic to save you.
You will need to run.
Kilen nodded and stood.
He closed his eyes and tried to calm himself.
Concentrating he looked at the world through the unseen colors of magic.
Green emanated from Max strong form as well as Blue coated the every surface with a mist from the fog.
Kilen even saw the normally chaotic wind was formed into the shape of a man as Jace walked invisible amongst his friends.
Mica dropped out of the sky and landed amongst the fifty wielders the king had brought with him.
He tied up his sash and climbed atop a mount set aside for him.
Once he had his robes straightened, the mass of wielders rode forward following King Atmos.
Trying to give each side as much equality as he could, Kilen waved King Rekkan towards the meeting grounds.
They jumped up from their squatted positions and cantered to the small hill Kilen had chosen.
The Fire Realm men looked very different than those from the Earth Realm they came to the meeting unarmored and without horses.
The Earth Realm was covered from head to toe in metal and rode on horses with lances and flags.
Kilen knew each side would be particularly deadly in their own way.
A large arc of men stretched out to either side of Kilen and five men rode up from each side to the center.
King Atmos had his wizard council in their robes, still chatting about the heat of the day.
The Fire Realm king had chosen warriors instead of wizards.
Rekkan chosen men came hefting weapons to suit their personality.
Each of them, including King Rekkan, had red strips of cloth hanging from their biceps that seemed to have been soaked in blood sometime during the morning.
King Rekkan stepped forward, the only items setting him apart for recognition was his large amount of jewelry.
Kilen knew each piece was imbued.
He had several different imbuements of each element and Kilen had found out that Elric truly knew how to use them.
He also knew how to use the two imbued short swords that now stuck up over his shoulders.
On his other side, King Atmos wore his crown and a full set of gleaming armor.
He had no sword on his side or back.
His horse however, carried a highly polished longsword.
Each piece of his outfit was shined to perfection, even the golden rivets in his belt.
Kilen was unsure what he was supposed to do so he stood still, waiting for either of the kings to move.
Atmos smiled while Rekkan wore a face of stone, much like his brother behind Kilen.
King Atmos pulled the sword from its sheath and walked halfway to where Kilen was and pushed the blade into the ground.
Rekkan pulled the two blades from his back and crisscrossed them in the dirt before him.
He then pulled a dagger from behind his back and with a flick of the wrist it sunk into the ground.
The two men came together and stared for a moment into eachothers eyes.
King Atmos gave a small smile, Elric Rekkan, it is a pleasure to meet you.
I have heard of your ability to control magic.
You are probably not as skilled as this young weapon bearer though.
Elric gave a glance at Kilen, He is skilled, indeed.
The weapon bearer is the only reason I have agreed to this meeting.
Getting right to it then.
Atmos pulled off one of his gauntlets and tucked it into his belt.
Do you even have the authority to send this army after this supposed soul wizard.
Elric grunted, My queen gave me this army with the intent of discussing the canal.
If stopping this soul wizard helps improve our standing, then I will use every man to find the wizard.
I do not believe that she would let you out of the realm with this many men and not give you specific instructions.
Atmos waited for a reply but none came.
Elric stared back into Atmos eyes.
He offered no paper or excuses.
He did not try to argue with Atmos whether he did or did not have permission.
How to do you suppose we go about finding the soul wizard.
Atmos asked.
Surely as king of this land you would know where to start, Atmos.
I will allow your men to escort mine through the land and we can determine the best way from there.
Atmos crossed his arms, So you are giving me an order to allow you to cross my lands now.
I am merely suggesting a way.
You could let my men run ahead if they are too fast for you and your men to keep up.
Elric said watching the line of wielders behind Atmos.
Atmos laughed at his response.
Elric face still looked as if chiseled from stone.
I think the best way would be to combine our groups.
Allow our men to learn from one another.
I mean you have already mingled among my townships.
You have caused a revolution in my own land.
Why not allow you to turn my own army against me.
You are the one that turned your people against yourself, Elric retorted.
Elric turned to Kilen.
Thank you, Weapon Bearer.
It seems that this meeting was a farce Elric collected his weapons and backed away.
Atmos took another step forward, It was nice to meet you.
He held out his hand for Elric to shake, One of us will die on the battlefield so I thought I would shake your hand while there is still blood pumping through it.
Elric eyed the ungloved hand held out before him.
King Atmos held the other hand to his side with an empty palm facing forward.
Elric took a step forward to meet Atmos grip.
A devilish smile lit up Atmos face.
Atmos took a step back and Elric raised his empty hand to prepare himself for what was coming.
Elric hand lit into flame just before Atmos unfathomable strength yanked the unsuspecting Fire Realm King into himself.
The two collided with a crash of flesh on metal.
Kilen felt like a statue at the rate for which he reacted.
He clawed in his mind for an idea of what he was supposed to do.
King Atmos stood between two opposing forces still holding a limp and bleeding king in his grip.
The ground shifted and Atmos fell to a knee as the ground trembled and split in front of him.
Kilen turned to see Mary jumping from her horse and unleashing a flame upon the men of the Earth Realm.
Brent held up his hands in an effort to stop her but no magic came.
Luckily, Joahna was just as fast at stopping the flames from reaching the men by building a wall of ice before them.
The flames were deflected over the council heads.
With the wielders distracted, Mary ran towards King Atmos, her whole body now engulfed in flame.
Atmos held out his hands but no magic formed.
Atmos dragged a limp Elric towards his long sword sticking from the ground.
He reached his hand out and almost touched the blade before the swords disappeared into the dirt, a hole opening in the ground below it.
A blast of wind buffeted the ground sending Kilen to his knees, even with his strength enhanced.
He watched as the blast continued in all directions, scattering the two forces.
Jace moaning ghost like voice spoke just as the wind stopped, Run, we will do what we can to save Elric.
Kilen escaped into the direction of the Fire Realm who had no one to protect them, Run.
He shouted at the Crimson as they regained their footholds.
They looked for their scattered comrades and their weapons as fireballs started to streak from side to side between the lines of wielders.
Mary ran to defend the Fire Realm as King Atmos stood and ordered his armored men to attack.
Only the council of the Earth Realm was able to stand because of the armor that each of the King fifty wielder had weighing them down.
Kilen watched as vines now reached out of the ground and grabbed each armored man as he started to right himself.
The ones that did reach their feet were thrown by Jace into the trees or sent rolling along the ground.
Kilen coughed as smoke filled the air from the burning trees.
He was searching for anyone he could help escape.
He made certain that all the men had risen from the ground.
He picked up a battle axe that he had seen one of the Crimson wielding and saw Atmos with fury on his face, standing on the small hill still holding the limp and broken King Rekkan in his grip.
Kilen thought if he could fight him, maybe he would at least drop the unconscious king and allow Joahna or Max collect him.
He started to walk back up the hill to face Atmos.
The all too familiar concussion of another spirit entering his mind caused him to drop to his knees.
The trees wavered in the smoke and Kilen vision went into a haze.
No voice, no cries followed the concussion, only the feeling of someone unfamiliar and very, very angry inside his head.
A hand touched his shoulder.
When his eyes followed what seemed to be a wavering arm he saw Mary attached the other end.
Kilen, do not lose control of the magic or we will all die.
Fight their wielder attempts and I will get us out of here.
The rest of the Fire Realm is running, Mary said as she pulled him to his feet.
He closed his burning eyes and let Mary lead him through the smoke filled forest.
He used each of the elemental magics to view the area in colorful waves.
A red streak passed overhead directed at no one.
It disappeared far into the sky and he wondered who had unleashed that fury.
At least it was not directed at him.
Chapter A Handshake The flies were probably the most annoying thing about waiting for war to start.
Bowie wondered if the insects knew that war was close the persistent creatures biting in anticipation of the impending feast.
Bowie supposed their biting could be intended to speed along the death so they could reap the benefits from thousands of dead men to gnaw upon.
He could hear the muffled curses of men down the line fighting their own personal war against the bugs.
Bowie managed to crush one by slapping his hand to his other forearm.
He looked up to see Borgen turn his head slightly at the sound.
The man seemed unbothered by the torture the flies issued.
He had one solitary mission, or at least what Bowie surmised his mission was to stare continuously at the sky.
He wondered if Borgen had ever been in a real battle before.
He knew that Borgen certainly looked like he could have been old enough to fight in the last battle of the Water and Earth Realms.
Bowie looked for any scars but the man had none.
Still, Borgen stared at the sky only stopping to check with his second in command to make sure the line was being held.
The former sergeant began to think about the battles he had been in.
He laughed at the thought of the short fight in the woods when Auburn saved him as being a battle.
It was grossly outnumbered in Bowie favor, but a skirmish it had been.
He hoped that his men, or formally his men, would do as well today as they did then.
A red ball of fire streaked through the sky, blazing a trail of smoke behind it.
The flames must have been what Borgen was waiting for because he slowly stood where he was and gave the command to advance.
He made no attempt to disguise his footing as he trampled the leaves and sticks below his armored feet.
It was not a wonder that alarm horns were sounding in the Fire Realm camp to alert their men they were being attacked.
Bowie heart felt like it was going to beat out of his chest.
He tried to listen for the sounds of war but could only hear the beating of his heart.
It drowned out all other sounds, even the verbal command to stop the advance could not be heard.
He was lucky that he had John teach him the signals.
The entire line stopped merely five paces behind the treeline, looking at a massive wood wall.
It was made of upright logs carved at a point near the top.
There were gaps wide enough for men to pass through the standing wooden panels.
Bowie looked, but saw no signs of life on his side of the wooden walls.
Kilen had warned them of the defenses, but he could not imagine this.
It would have taken the men of Humbridge years to construct the walls the Fire Realm and Earth Realm had done in a couple months.
Borgen pointed his sword to the sky and shouted, First column.
The first column of men drew their bows, pointing at the same angle that Borgen held his blade.
Slowly, he drew the flat of the blade along his chest as if he were wielding a bow himself.
He waited for a moment.
He drew a breath and thrusted the sword point back into the sky, Release.
The twang of hundreds of bows being released at once sent birds scrambling into the sky.
Bowie watched as the cloud of arrows disappeared over the wall and was answered by the screams of agony on the other side.
Borgen did not wait for the screams to die down before he launched into more commands.
Second column, at the ready.
Aim at the gaps between the walls.
Fire at will, the aged Lieutenant commanded.
Bowie took a step forward and planted his feet he was in the second column.
Drawing one of his arrows, he knocked an arrow and aimed at the farthest gap his bow could hit.
He waited and watched as some of the Fire Realm men rounded the corner with spears in hand.
They were quickly hewn down by a multitude of arrows, some falling backwards behind the panel to alert the others of what was on the other side.
None came from the gap to which Bowie had aimed so he held his bow until another was command given.
Third column.
He thrust his sword point into the sky and pulled the flat of the blade back like a bow again.
A second volley of arrows dotted the sky and disappeared behind the wall.
More screams came out from behind the panels.
Covering advance.
Borgen shouted and ran ten paces forward.
He started yelling out commands to each column.
They moved forward ten paces in front of the other column, moving ever closer to the panels.
It reminded Bowie of a child game he played of jumping over each others backs.
Each time he passed, Auburn would be sure to make eye contact with Bowie.
He did the same with her.
He still thought that she had no right to be in a battle it was a thing of men.
They neared the panel and soldiers from the Fire Realm jumped through every so often and were quickly taken down.
A streak of heat went overhead and Bowie turned to see a ball of fire pelt the trees from where they had just come.
Borgen stood up straight and looked at his knights, No turning back now.
Our only escape is through the enemy.
Bowie doubted that would be a very good escape, but he was not in command.
A spear launched out from behind one of the panels and struck one of the knights in the shoulder.
He was immediately pulled back and the spear was yanked from his arm.
The second knight that pulled him back put his hand over the wound, and the once wounded rose after the healing as if he had never been injured.
Bowie was suddenly very glad they were on his side.
Knights moved up to the wall and slammed their bodies against it, aiming their shield face at the gaps.
They motioned the others forward.
At a simple wave by Borgen, all the archers and knights rushed for the protection the walls provided.
Another hand signal was given.
The knight Bowie stood behind turned his head.
Ten of you with me.
Kill anything that moves without hesitating or we will all die.
He stopped when he saw Bowie and Auburn, You two are wielders.
They both nodded their heads in response and Auburn dispatched a man that had exited the gap behind the knight.
He cleared his throat, glancing back and forth between the knights and commanders spread out along the face of the wall.
Youd better start using your talents before you lose your abilities all together.
We need to wreck their defenses if we are to win this battle.
They nodded their heads.
Auburn caught Bowie by the shoulder, I did not learn to fight like this.
Kilen only threw rocks at me while I was jumping from tree to tree.
Bowie licked his lips in anticipation as more fireballs streaked over the wooden spikes.
Well, I do not see any trees around here.
You better try and figure out how to use your magic.
I myself only learned how to make the wind blow and how to make it stop.
He thought for a moment, That is it.
He patted the knight on the shoulder, I will make a shield of wind to block the flames for you as you round the corner.
It should stop any non strengthened spears, throws, and some magic.
He nodded, I will take it.
When Bowie turned back around he saw Auburn taking a step back with her arm fully extended and palm against the wall.
She was looking at the wall fiercely, as if she would attack the tree thick pillars.
She knocked an arrow and gave Bowie a glance, I will give you a moment to make your attack.
Bowie shrugged at the knight as he did not understand her meaning.
They approached the gap in the wall, all they had to do now was move around it and survive whatever was on the other side.
The knight did not look back, but yelled over his shoulder, Woman.
If you are going to do anything, now is the time.
Without further notice Auburn jumped to the top of the wall panel.
She hooked her leg over the top of the wall between sharpened points and pulled herself up.
Her strength allowed her to hold that position as she drew back the string on her bow.
The release of one arrow caused a commotion on the other side of the wall and the knight Bowie followed turned a corner around the walls edge.
Bowie was now in the fray of battle.
Spears were being thrown and now he could make out the dark parts of the men eyes as they ran at him with axes.
Bowie had no time to feel remorse for what he was about to do.
He thrust forward a shield of wind holding it just as Kilen had taught him.
A couple of enemy arrows glanced off the invisible barrier shaped like a half sphere of dust in front of him.
It was a strange thing to watch, but it only caused him to be scared enough he make it stronger.
He then began to return fire.
Arrow after arrow launched from his bow over the top edge of his windshield caused me to fall.
Eight other archers that followed him caused men to fall in waves as they launched volley after volley of Crescent arrows.
Any man that managed to come to close met the deadly end of the knight is sword.
Bowie thought it was almost too easy to kill these men with no armor.
Once the first area was clear, Bowie got a better view of what lay beyond.
More panels made of trees stood in his way.
The second row was slightly offset so attackers would not be able to run straight into the defenses.
These defenses allowed for multiple choke points that his men would have to fight through.
As they neared a second gap, the Fire Realm men moved like lightning to attack.
A sharpened spear cut Bowie flesh on its journey to the ground.
It sliced through his leather pants and sent him to his stomach.
His own trainees stepped over him to launch arrows as quickly as they could.
His concentration on magic faltered and his men lost their shield of wind.
The knight is metal shield was met with a hail of enemy arrows and spears as he did his best to protect the archers behind him.
Bowie laid there trying to stop the blood seeping from his thigh and caught a glimpse of a spearman who noticed where Auburn was still launching arrows.
The short man disappeared behind one of the walls with his spear only to return with a man crackling of sparks and wearing two golden cuffs at his wrists.
A simple flick of the fingers launched a fireball before the wielder was struck down by arrows.
A loud squeal from the wall gave Bowie the mental fortitude to overcome his pain and stand up to search for Auburn.
He hobbled his way back to the wall that Auburn had latched onto and welcomed her with a hug as she rounded the corner.
The wall behind them now burned where Auburn had perched and would soon trap them from behind.
Auburn lent her shoulders to Bowie as they limped their way forward to another wall his comrades were now hiding behind.
Bowie looked back and saw more archers and knights pushing through the gaps to join his men in the attack.
He realized his small group caused the death of most of the men he just stepped over.
A few hundred men killed in the matter of moments.
The only injury sustained by his men was the one draining him of his lifeblood.
The knight pulled one of the gold cuffs from the wielder body and tucked it into a sack hanging behind him.
Bowie took a mental note about where the knights keep their captured imbuements.
The knight quickly waved the others forward to take his place at the front.
He then approached Bowie, Smart lot you have here, Archer.
Let me see if I can fix you up a bit.
The knight put his hand over Bowie wound and an ice cold tendril worked its way up his spine.
When the he removed his hand the wound was closed and fresh pink skin formed over the cut.
As long as Bowie did not push himself too hard, the wound would stay closed.
Thank you.
Bowie responded as he was helped up by the knight.
My name is Vincent, he said as he walked away towards the others on the wall.
He looked them up and down, checking for injuries.
Thank you, Vincent, Bowie responded as he gingerly made his way to join the others.
Vincent smiled, That is not what I meant, Archer we are a team now.
We will move forward as soon as the others have had their turn to make an advance.
If they fail, we will have a turn to do what they could not, It will be easier if you know my name.
He eyed the archers as he spoke.
I know this is your former leader.
I am asking you to follow me.
I will protect you, if you protect me.
They all nodded after Bowie did, as if they were still awaiting his orders.
The next group of archers and knights went around the panel from both sides simultaneously.
The sounds of battle erupted and were quickly quelled.
An archer waved the rest of the awaiting men forward.
When Bowie team turn came up for their second assault, Vincent gave the signal to stop.
Slowly, Vincent backed away from the panel edge.
He kept his eye at the edge as he spoke over his shoulder while fishing his hand into the canvas bag at his waist.
He pulled out a small dagger.
There are no more walls.
We have reached the true battle.
On the other side their army is awaiting us.
One of the their wielders had this you are a wind wielder, are you not.
Vincent held out the dagger that contained the elemental mark of wind.
I am, Bowie replied.
Vincent thrust the sheathed blade to his chest.
Use it then.
Vincent returned to the panel edge and held his sword tip at his shield edge.
He kept his elbow held high and even with his shoulder.
The blood of his last victim still drying on the blade.
We advance on your orders, Archer.
Bowie wanted to adjust his hat, but when he reached up he found only his braided hair.
He scratched his head and looked at the archers with him.
Even out your arrows.
The men shared their arrows as the magic weilding knights watched the gaps in the walls.
Vincent shouted, We will not have long.
They will come to check if we are still alive.
Give me a moment.
Bowie shouted back and then turned to the archers, No more teams all of you on my mark.
Vincent, how far out are they.
A hundred paces when I last looked, give or take, He replied.
Bowie stepped back and started shouting, All swordsmen to the gaps and all archers behind me.
A moment later knights and archers came pouring into the small gap they had established at the last panel and Borgen and John came running to the center.
Borgen looked around and saw everyone awaiting Bowie order, Have you taken charge.
No one else was here giving orders, Sir.Bowie said.
Report then, I am here to give orders now, Borgen wiped his blade clean on one of the fall soldiers.
Bowie nodded his head and watched as a bloody Chit came trotting by.
His sack jingled of metal as he passed Bowie to join the other swordsmen at the gaps.
He neglected to wipe the dripping blood from his mule headed blade.
He was armored but did not carry a shield.
He is either stupid or welcoming danger.
Bowie reported Sir, the rest of the Fire Realm army is on the other side of this last panel.
Their men are about one hundred paces out from it Bowie said pointing at the last gap.
Well, you gathered all the men here, what was your plan now.
Borgan asked examining his knights.
Sir, I suggest a volley draw them to us.
If we cross into that gap, we will be pinned against the wall,Bowie argued.
The large stoic Lieutenant pointed behind the men.
The panels and forest behind us burn as it is.
Soon we will be pinned here either way.
Borgan stood still waiting an answer from Bowie.
We need to draw them in.
We do not have enough arrows or men to fight their army.
If we manage to take them on in small groups we will last longer.
The lieutenant nodded in acceptance of that being true.
Borgan smiled, Let them bring this war to us now that we have traveled all the way here.
I like it.
Borgan patted on John on the shoulder, You lead the archers, so take charge.
I will take the front line with the swords.
They nodded at each other.
Bowie joined the line of archers as each men readied an arrow for flight.
A collision on the other side of the wall erupted into flames that seemed to crawl over the top.
John quickly gave the order to raise bows and soon a volley was released into the enveloping smoke.
Cries of pain could be heard as John gave the order for a second volley.
The second twang of the bow seemed to give hope to Bowie.
They had managed to take control of the Fire Realm defenses and give the advantage to their own men.
After the second volley, a large crash could be heard on the opposite side of the wooden wall.
Borgen, with a few of his men, ran to the back of the wall the archers were hiding behind.
The wall started to tilt inward, threatening to fall in on top of their men.
Borgen already had the soldiers there to prop it up.
Another crash of ice and flame threatened to speed the collapse.
Auburn leapt into the fray using imbued strength to push on the wall.
Panicking, Bowie followed after.
Two more earth wielders should have been able to change the direction of the walls falling, but it was not.
Bowie pushed hard, watching the wall creep ever closer to crushing Auburn.
He felt another slam of magic into the far side of the wall.
His feet began to lose their footing as the soft dirt gave way to the barrier.
Bowie pushed with all his might, he even tried to picture himself as a tree.
He remembered something Mica had said to Kilen Wind may be the strongest of the elements.
Bowie left the wall, leaving Auburn and all the wielders still trying to hold it up, then held out his hands as if it would help him bring the wind.
He was always slow to start, but he closed his eyes and willed the wind to his command.
The yellow swirling magic began to tame and align itself with his will.
The others cried out as now they would surely all be crushed by the weight lowering itself onto them.
At first, a gentle breeze then slowly a stronger wind amassed until the archers were moving out of the way to keep from being blown under the wall.
Finally, like a kite, the wall began to move in the opposite direction.
With the combined strength of his magic and the muscles of the others, the wall still held its ground.
Bowie opened his eyes and saw a pleading Auburn straining to survive.
He could not understand it, but his abilities increased.
The wind howled and the wall lifted off of the fingers from everyone that touched it, as if there was no weight to it.
It lurched forward into the air, the wind digging it out of its hole and dropping sand and debris on those it hovered over.
Twenty to thirty paces forward, Bowie dropped the wall onto the ground, revealing his men to the army, but freeing them of the weight.
Shields were retrieved and arrows launched into the oncoming wave of men.
Bowie watched as the Fire Realm now ran at the small band of less than a thousand men grouped together.
Fire balls launched from some as well as shards of ice that hurdled through the air.
Magic from both sides collided in an explosion of elements.
It seemed that the regular metal and wooden weapons were the only real instruments of killing in this battle, as magic users did little other than negate each other.
Bowie, on the other hand, did nothing.
He did not knock an arrow or run to support the others.
He stood feeling the wind on his hair.
He had control of the wind.
He was the wind.
He flexed his magic like muscles, expanding his control to its limits, feeling the strength at which he had attacked the wall.
He turned around to feel the wind on his face and saw a tremendous black cloud trailing up from the burning forest behind him.
A smile touched his face, Bowie could control the cloud.
The cloud changed directions and started to flow down instead of up.
It moved with the speed of a person diving into water it dove through the air and crashed onto the battlefield, plunging the enemy army into darkness.
Someone with magic resisted the black poisonous air forming a clean pocket of air beneath the cloud, Bowie let them for the moment.
He was the wind.
Bowie lashed out trying to throw an enemy soldier back by striking him with a forceful blow, but watched as the soldiers leather belt ripped open and a slash appeared on his chest.
Bowie had formed a weapon out of the wind.
Bowie walked forward for a clearer view he could not see the army that his black cloud consumed, and if he could not see them, he could not stop them.
He had the overwhelming need stop them, they had tried to crush Auburn.
Bowie mind moved forward, but his feet did not move.
He could feel his feet but they were a long way behind him now.
His body collapsed where he was standing.
He felt as is his body was the wind.
He knew exactly what he was now, an elemental.
Lite and without weight he moved swiftly amongst the army slashing and throwing men.
Kilen had formed a elemental before, training Bowie in the form of a swirling cone.
Bowie emulated that shape, becoming a black cyclone of heated smoke and debris.
Some of the Fire Realm men possessed wind magic of their own and tried to change control, but Bowie already had his grasp of the air and rebuked them when they pulled.
Men were thrown from his way, others were cut down by concentrated blasts of air.
Bowie watched as the lines of the Fire Realm broke, and the remaining men began to run.
Only a few wielders stood firm to fight.
He pushed them in different directions to scatter them on the battlefield.
Four of the wielders held their arms together as they sent waves of magic against what was left of the thousand Earth Realm soldiers.
The men must have had imbuements of strength because Bowie attempts to separate them did not work.
He even managed to lift them all from the ground and throw them forward five paces.
The men got up and started running together towards the wooden panel defenses the Earth Realm hid behind.
One launched repeated attacks of flames, another spears of ice.
Vines reached from the ground grasping the wielders and archers protecting Bowie body.
They were too close for Bowie to fight with the wind so he turned his attention to the others on the field.
Bowie felt a weight, but not on his elemental body on his physical one still amongst the archers far behind him.
The weight was crushing him, making it hard to breath.
He felt his body more as the pain increased.
He hurriedly threw wind at the fleeing army.
His physical body began to pull at his lungs for air, until his consciousness snapped back from the elemental it was in.
His body was was laying face up with Auburn on top of him and another knight on her, struggling to fight one of the four men that had broken through their lines.
Fire and ice spears ravaged the men as they struggled to keep their footing on the shaking ground.
The struggling men on Bowie toppled over onto the ground, letting him catch his breath.
Auburn quickly ended the struggle by stabbing the unarmored man in the neck with an arrow.
The ground stopped shaking and arrows were loosed with steady hands once again.
The threat in the camp ended with the man breath trying to draw in from the arrow hole Auburn had made.
Vincent ran around and freed the Fire Realm wielders of their burdensome imbuements and stuffed them into his canvas sack.
Some of soldiers retrieved imbuements from a few of their own fallen comrades.
Covered in blood, John made his way to Bowie, Borgen is dead.
Bowie went to remove his hat but remembered he did not have one.
You should probably gather the archers and ready for another attack, Bowie said to John still trying to catch his breath.
Vincent finally made his way to John, The Fire Realm is fleeing.
We lost quite a few men in that last fight.
I want your men ready to move back to camp as soon as possible.
Vincent turned to Bowie, You did well and probably saved all of our lives, Archer.
All of Bowie former soldiers patted him on the back as they passed to help carry their fallen comrades.
Bowie went to help carry Borgen, but was turned away by the armored wielders.
John grabbed him by the shoulder as he tried to pick up one of his former archers.
I need you to keep the men steady while they carry the fallen.
Bowie nodded at John and began reenergizing the weary, blackened faces so their dead could be collected.
All the men worked in silence until they were on their way back to camp, and even then, few words were uttered.
Fleeing towards the Fire Realms forces Mary stopped behind a large evergreen and started to cough smoke must still have an effect on fire wizards.
Kilen used his magic to trickle water in his eyes and down his throat just as Brent had taught him when spying on Chit in the castle.
He cleansed Mary eyes and filled her cupped hands with water for her to drink.
I am feeling better now.
He said even though he was not there was still a crying man and a knot of a warrior still inside his head.
Jace formed a body briefly to point Kilen in the direction he should go.
He stood and pulled Mary to her feet, We need to go this way.
Hurry.
There was no way for Kilen to tell which direction he was going.
There were only trees and smoke.
He managed to find a member of the Crimson, bleeding from small cuts he had taken.
Kilen refreshed his eyes and offered him a drink.
They continued on, blindly trying to escape King Atmos.
Mary hurried Kilen on as the Crimson warrior reluctantly followed.
Every few minutes another soldier would be found and helped.
Some had gathered into small groups, but they came together and continued on to escape the smoke.
Kilen wondered where all the smoke was coming from the king had only thrown one ball of fire and Mary had only ignited a few trees during the skirmish, yet the air was thick with the choking fog.
The farther from Atmos they traveled, the more the smoke lightened.
Kilen and the others started to run to clear themselves of the trees.
Kilen followed Pada and the rest of the Crimson chosen to attend the meeting.
Pada was the Crimson leader, he was older than Elric and seemed to care little for pleasantries.
He kept looking back to see if Kilen had left the group.
Mary had a hard time keeping up, but Kilen used his magic to rejuvenate her a couple times.
He offered his strength to the others, but they refused.
In his few days in the Fire Realm defenses, hed come to know them as a very proud force.
They devoted their days to learning weapons and combat.
It was a wonder King Atmos had tried what he had with them around.
These men lived for battle and Atmos had promised it to them with a handshake.
Kilen looked up in the direction they were running and saw smoke trailing into the sky.
He slowed his run as the others stopped to look at what he saw.
Pada stopped when he noticed Kilen and the others looking at the sky.
Your king has betrayed your meeting.
He taken our king captive and now attacks our men.
Pada ended his speech by spitting at Kilen feet.
The smoke cloud gathered into a black tornado, throwing men and debris above the treetops.
Kilen could barely make out the shapes in the distance.
A voice whispered to him, Do not go to close.
Men are dying there.
Kilen knew that it was Jace voice, but none of the soldiers knew where it was coming from.
Using the wind vision Kilen could see Jace shape on the wind.
He knew it to not be a warning of physical danger but danger to those like Kilen trying to avoid gathering more voices.
By Pada command, the men continued on towards the black tornado and in defiance of Jace warning.
Kilen slowed his pace, trying not to get to close.
He knew Jace was trying to tell him that if he approached, he would take on the spirits of those dying in the battle.
Kilen was at a loss he wanted to help stop the killing, but could not join the battle to do so.
He was happy that the tornado did not last long before the smoke continued a more normal path climbing into the sky.
He remained quiet, trying to think of how to fix the problems that Atmos caused.
It was his job to see that justice was served and now he had who knows how many dead soldiers to get justice for, besides the people of the Earth Realm.
He knew someday he would serve justice to King Atmos.
Until then, he would follow Pada back to the rest of their army.
It was mid afternoon by the time they arrived to meet the survivors of the attack.
The defenses were broken and their camp had been flattened by the tornado of smoke.
Bodies, weapons, and provisions littered the ground that Pada lead his men over.
They stopped only to offer a small prayer and close the eyes of the fallen.
The rest of the army had gathered at the farthest wall from where the attack had come.
Kilen stopped to look at a section of the panels that were broken and burnt.
A larger number of bodies told the story.
Arrows jutted out of the ground and the men laid on the ground as if they were still trying to pull the instruments of their death from their bodies.
Kilen thought he would be sick, and truly from the sight of the dead men this time.
He turned away and saw what was left of the twisted bodies the tornado had thrown around.
They lay broken, mangled, and split upon the ground.
Kilen closed his eyes as best he could and tried to think of something that made him happy.
Kilen felt the contents of his stomach settle back down as he remembered Twilix explaining what good magic could do.
The moment he met the tiny wizard had changed his life.
He started an adventure full of beautiful experiences and sights that few would ever see.
Someone cleared their throat and he opened his eyes and saw Mary standing before him.
They are waiting for you, Weapon Bearer.
She said the words with as much distaste as Pada used to spit at his feet.
Kilen came to the small circle of Fire Realm men and tried to imitate their squatted position.
The heavy armor he wore made it hard to stay balanced, but he did the best he could.
Pada waited for Kilen to arrange himself, Atmos has captured Rekkan by deception.
We lost Tokeye in our attempt to get him back, but Atmos held him in his grasp like a prize.
What has happened here.
A dark man with a braided beard answered while sharpening his axe, We were attacked from the side during these so called peace talks.
His gaze was set upon Kilen.
They did not engage us directly.
They gave us waves of arrows over the wall and used wielders to keep our men at bay so we could not get close enough to use our spears.
They used our defenses against us until we had to fall back.
Then the wind came out of the sky and ripped our fleeing men apart.
Some of our wielders sacrificed themselves to distract the attackers long enough for us to reform our lines.
How many did we lose.
Pada asked.
We have incomplete numbers, but I would venture to guess seven thousand men, One of the warriors spoke while checking the number of his daggers.
Pada growled and spat at the answer, Elric was too quick to trust them.
We should have crushed them while we had the chance.
This is no way to fight an honorable war.
The man with the braided beard pointed his axe at Kilen, This is his doing, Pada.
Let us have justice out on him.
From behind the circle Mary chimed in, I was there with the rest of the Earth Realm Council.
The king said that this meeting was to be for peace.
Kilen did everything he said he was going to do.
He lost us this war.
He is a traitorous man.
The bearded man yelled as he stood, tightening his grip on his axe.
Pada and Kilen both stood.
Pada put one hand on Kilen chest and the other he held out to stop the bearded man, A woman speaks and you interrupt her.
This woman wielded fire at her own king trying to save yours.
He held his hand out to Kilen, The Weapon Bearer held the elements so we were not crushed without Elric to protect us.
You were not there and cannot judge this man, Sali.
Sit, or I will have your axe.
Reluctantly, the man sat back down.
Pada nodded to Kilen to take back his position and Mary continued, We tried to get Elric, but I saw Kilen fall.
He was having trouble keeping the elements under his control.
I will testify this to your queen.
The men nodded and Mary backed away from the circle.
Pada turned to Kilen, What will you do, Weapon Bearer.
Kilen cleared his throat to gain a bit of time to think, I will return to the Elders and find a way to get justice.
What of the Fire Realm.
You do not have enough men to fight this war.
King Atmos will continue to fight you using these tactics until the rest of his army arrives.
Pada looked around the circle before answering, We will send some of our men home with the councilwoman.
The rest of our plan is for us to know.
King Atmos wanted a war of deception and we are going to give it to him.
Weapon Bearer, will you stop us from getting our justice.
Kilen shook his head, Not as long as you get it before I do.
Pada held out his hand to shake Kilen, just as Atmos had done to Rekkan.
Kilen looked at his open hand and watched as the rest of the circle stood.
It took only a moment, but Kilen smiled and gripped his hand tightly.
I wish you all a safe journey.
Please take care of Mary, I will want to see her again.
They both nodded and Pada gave a quick squeeze to his hand.
Kilen started to back away from the group as they watched him go.
No one said a word or moved, so he gave a quick wave and trotted away in his noisy armor.
Mary followed and the only reason he knew was because of the sparks that popped off of her shoulders.
He slowed and turned to face her.
I wanted this to go a different way, He said apologetically.
She smiled, I know you did.
She stood looking at Kilen saying nothing for a moment and started to turn back towards the circle of mean, I have always wanted to go to the Fire Realm.
I have never been able to control my magic long enough to leave the castle.
Atmos would not let me go until I could control it.
Since I found out I was a fire wizard, I wanted to go and learn in the land of my element.
Yet I wanted to stay and save those in the dungeon.
She cleared her throat and continued on, King Atmos would never let me out of his sight.
I told Kara how to control her magic, but I am not sure I said it right.
I had trouble achieving control myself, until just now.
Kilen noticed that her shoulders were no longer popping.
Her face was that of joy, and a look Kilen had never seen on her.
I understand now why I was unable to teach her.
You need to make sure she wants something bad enough that she will do anything to get it.
When she knows what she wants, tell her to focus on that one thing and never let it go.
Remember that, okay.
Kilen lowered his head, I doubt I will ever be close enough to explain these things to her.
Especially after today events.
Well, I hope that you do some day.
Perhaps after Pada and the Crimson free Rekkan.
She turned to walk away but Kilen caught her arm.
Are they planning to free their king.
I do not see why they would not.
It is better they do it now than when Atmos is safely inside his castle fortifications.
Mary, if you are finally getting your chance to go to the Fire Realm, why are you still sparking.
Should not you be in control.
Killing King Atmos has become a new passion of mine, a mischievous smile spread across her face just before she turned to rejoin the ring of Crimson.
Kilen took one last look at the men in the circle and heard a voice inside, Farwell, Pada.
I am sorry I failed you.
Kilen whispered quietly to himself, You have not failed him yet, Tokeye.
The stone like emotion twinged with pride and confusion when Kilen mentioned his name.
He did his best not to smile at the man emotional knot inside his head.
A horse formed beside him out of the stone earth.
Let is ride, Max.
He pulled himself onto Max back and they rode through the heart of the battlefield back into the mountains where they had come from.
Max rode directly to the small copse of trees they stopped at before meeting Rekkan.
The remnants of his fire still lingered and he quickly started the fire back up.
He heated up some salted meat that was put with his things when the Fire Realm men packed his belongings.
The taste was undesirable, but he knew he would have to live off of it until he found the Elders again.
Joahna, in the form of a tiny bird, landed on the ground and grew to his winged man form.
Kilen was sure that Joahna perfered the form more than the others he had taken.
Kilen, do you have Tokeye.
He here, along with that Earth Realm man.
Where is here.
The stone like knot said in his head.
You are inside my head, Tokeye.
I will let the others explain in a moment, please be patient.
Jace captured the smoke and formed a body, We will need to move as soon as you are able.
If the king decides to come after you, we will not stand a chance without controlling the elements.
The mention of Atmos name sent the spirit of Earth Realm man screaming again inside his head.
He had almost forgotten about the man, but the man would not forget Atmos.
Kilen put the palm of his hand to his temple, as if it would stop the pain the man was causing.
First, we need to explain to the others,Kilen said holding his temples.
Joahan stepped forward, He right, Jace.
They will drive Kilen mad if we do not teach them to control themselves in his head.
He turned to Kilen, I will return inside you to help while we travel.
If anything, I can teach them to block their emotions and speech from your mind.
Yes, keeping their emotions in check will help me greatly.
I definitely need to help the Earth Realm man.
I do not even know his name, Kilen said, frustrated.
Joahna stepped in front of Kilen, Max came to stand beside him.
Ready yourself, Kilen.
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, bracing himself for the impact upon his consciousness.
When he opened his eyes he nodded his head and the icy man became a statue.
The concussion caused him to wobble, but he was able to maintain his footing.
Joahna began bearing the truth just as he had done to Jace, Tokeye.
You are dead.
Your spirit remains alive inside of the True Weapon Bearer, Kilen.
You will remember me, my name is Joahna, the king older brother.
The earth elemental is your friend and fellow member of the Crimson and Elric other brother, Max.
Kilen stood in front of Max, Show him who you are, Max.
The stack of rocks with arms and legs took on his most detailed form the same form Max had been practicing every time he chose one.
The eerie looking eyes moved in rock sockets, staring back at Kilen.
I know him and you, Joahna.
How is this possible.
I gave my life for Elric, Tokeye said.
Joahna gave a sigh of relief and his nervous emotions loosened, The True Weapon Bearer is a special kind of wizard, known as a spirit wizard.
Somehow, he is able to capture the spirits of those around him.
He can hear you speaking and feel what you feel.
He can even transfer your spirit into an elemental form.
We are able to continue our purpose through him.
Max and I have agreed to help him bring justice to this land and ours, in exchange for a chance at a new body.
It took a moment for Tokeye to mull over the information he had been given, Can we receive a new body.
Kilen answered, For the time being, we do not know if you can.
They have both been able to take turns controlling an elemental to be free of my mind.
I promise Tokeye, I did not know what Atmos was going to do.
The other man wailed and shot pain into Kilen head.
Joahna must have done something because the pain subsided and the man voice quieted almost instantly.
Kilen let out a sound of relief before continuing, I will do all I can to get justice for you.
Atmos holds my sister prisoner.
She is a fire wizard as well.
Tokeye did not have to think long before answering, I will join your cause.
I will stand beside my dead brothers.
Kilen smiled, Max, he has agreed to join us.
Joahna, can you teach while we ride.
Of course, he replied.
I will try and do something with this other lump as well.
Where shall we go.
Kilen did not reply, but instead grabbed his bags of supplies, Max, get us to the Elders.
I need to know more before we can find judgement.
Kilen stopped at his own word.
Only a couple months ago Atmos was sitting on his throne about to judge Kilen for Jace murder.
Now Kilen would put Atmos on the stand.
Chapter Proposal Ria sat with some of the fletchers that were too old to keep up with Lieutenant Borgan and the archers.
She had a pleasant enough conversation even though she really did not like spending time with regular humans.
Their lives were filled with strife and they were always in a rush from one thing to another.
She wished she could turn back time and change how she had spent the beginning years of her life.
She was married to a human and watched him work his life away to make her happy.
His life was much shorter than hers, and even shorter than other humans.
Before they had a chance at children, he suffered a problem with his heart and died while fetching water so she could grow her flowers.
She wished she had spent more time enjoying the flowers with him.
People now days worked for the future of their families and do not seem to notice the moments that matter most.
She had done her best to tell people how to live for no regrets, but was shunned for her advice.
They would rather drink and dance until they could not remember their name than hold each other close at night, talking until the sun rose.
She missed her husband and being with humans reminded her of how she squandered the moments she had.
Ria rose from the fire surrounded by the aged men and slipped away without them seeming to take notice or concern.
She reached for the handle on her wagon and heard the pounding of hooves on the ground.
She backed down from the handle and pulled her shawl over her shoulders.
Being in the valley, the temperatures would drop at night and swelter during the day she knew it would not be long before the temperature plummeted.
King Atmos lead the rumble of horses, followed by the captain who had a bloodied person draped over his horse saddle.
The councilors were next with the rest of the wielders in tow.
The king pulled his horse to a halt and handed the reins to one of his knights before heading in the tent.
Ria walked over to the bloodied person and realized it was someone from the Fire Realm.
She was happy no one was hurt from the Earth Realm.
Still looking around the camp she did not see Bowie, Auburn, or John.
Brent stepped up to the man draped over the saddle and healed him.
The man gasped and flexed his body before sliding off the horse.
Lorusk grabbed the man and shuffled him off to one of the tents.
Brent then gave Ria a look before passing her.
She turned to look at him but he was already waiting beside Ria wagon door.
She smiled and opened the door, showing him inside.
Before she could sit down he blurted out, It was a lie.
All of it a lie to get us to remain silent while he destroyed any chance we had at peace.
What happened.
She said coolly, trying to calm him.
Brent paced as much as he could in the tiny wagon and rubbed his forehead, He talked with Rekkan for only a moment.
He insulted him and then offered him a handshake.
Rekkan, being a man of honor, took the hand shake as a pre battle civility.
Atmos pulled with his magic strength and knocked Rekkan out on his armor.
The rest of the men there did not stand a chance.
It is a wonder we only found one body, Kilen must have been acting as a mediator.
You have taught the boy well.
He will make a great weapon bearer if he can survive this.
Where is the weapon bearer.
Kilen did his best to protect the Fire Realm men.
He was able to hold three elements at once for as far as anyone of us could reach.
Mary, on the other hand, had free reign over the fire she used to attack Atmos.
Mary, is she ok.
Ria had started pouring a cup of tea to calm Brent.
As far as I know.
We searched for a little while but the men seemed more interested in finding the imbued weapons left behind by the Fire Realm.
She fled with Kilen towards the Fire Realm defenses.
She took a sip of tea and said nothing.
Brent finally took the hint and took a sip of tea.
It was chamomile meant to calm the nerves.
It was one of her personal favorites when dealing with overly stressed men.
Well, we will just have to hope that they are well.
As for what we are doing here, what is your plan.
Ria asked.
Plan.
I have no plan.
The king lied to all of us and captured the Fire Realm king.
This meeting was supposed end in peace.
Now we have to face a soul wizard with only one realm that has a king on the throne, Brent said as he stared into his tea as if he might find the answers inside.
No, we do it without a king.
She said it so matter of fact that it shocked Brent.
Ria hoped it could really be that simple.
Say that again.
Brent had a confused look on his face as he hovered over the table on balled fists.
Ria smiled, There are many paths we could take we could approach the Elders and give them our assistance we could travel to the Water and Wind Realm and rally for new kings to be raised we could even go and aid the Fire Realm in taking down King Atmos and raising a proper king.
It will take too long, He said as he started to pace again in the small wooden wagon.
She took his arm and gently pulled him to the seat.
Ria pushed his tea cup closer so he would take a drink.
Think, Master Parker, we have only begun to hear the rumors of the undead.
We had a couple centuries when the soul wizards were gaining strength before we finally understood how to beat them.
We have since gained and kept that knowledge.
We know how to fight them this time.
He took a sip of tea, I think that maybe we should seek out the Elders.
They would know where to start.
They may already be laying plans to defeat the soul wizard.
She nodded, Very well.
Will you be turning in your resignation tonight or tomorrow.
He looked up from his tea cup, With his treachery, I do not think he expects me to stay and give him council.
I see no need for a resignation.
Good, we will be off at first light.She caught his arm as he started to stand, What of the others.
The others.
He scratched his head, clearly confused.
There are others that surely want to know you are leaving.
The other wizards perhaps Bowie, or Auburn.
They said they were only part of this war by volunteering.
The war is over and so should be their service.
If we are to take on a soul wizard, we will need strong wielders at our side.
He sat back down, Yes, you are right.
Perhaps we should stay with the group a little longer.
I will see if we can rid the king of at least those two archers.
I cannot speak for the wizards, they seem to think Atmos actions are justified.
She smiled, Good.
Go and speak with them now.
Let them come to me if they have questions concerning wizard or wielder law.
I will wait here and get some more tea heated up.
It may be a long night.
Brent ducked out of the small wagon and closed the door behind him stepping back into the sea of tents.
Ria confounded Brent.
He had heard stories of her and her talent from his father and he was only starting to get a glimpse of her strength.
She was a dangerous woman, and not because of power with magic but of her mind.
The camp was empty except the fletchers still chatting around the fire and a few wielders brushing horses.
Brent saw Captain Lorusk duck into a tent with a large hammer.
If anyone knew where Bowie was, it would be him.
Two of the wielders stood outside each corner of the tent not looking out but looking in, as if the person inside was more dangerous.
Brent looked at the guards, May I enter.
The captain voice replied from inside, Come in, Councilmen.
A loud bang resounded from inside the large tent.
Brent opened the tent flap and saw a large wielder move out of his way.
When he stepped aside, he saw Lorusk looking over the fallen Fire Realm king being chained to the ground.
The sound he had heard was a metal spike being hammered deep into the dirt.
The spike came to Brent is chest and Lorusk watched as the wielder hammered away.
Rekkan sat kneeling on the ground and finally Brent got a good look at his injuries.
One of his shoulders had been dislocated, probably from the force at which Atmos had yanked him into his chest.
There were multiple wounds upon his body from the imbuement piercings being ripped from the skin.
The ear that Brent could see looked like it had been chewed on by an animal.
His face was swollen from whatever beating he received in transport or while awaiting the spike to arrive.
Brent looked down and saw blood dripping off of the gauntlet of the wielder on the far side of the tent.
Lorusk did not turn away from watching the spike being driven into the ground, What is it you need, Councilmen.
I wanted to speak to Master Crescent and that woman that follows him, He said as he leaned down to heal Rekkan.
If you heal him, it will only speed up his next beating.
Our king requested he look like this until we reach Deuterium.
Lorusk only gave a glance at Brent between clangs of the hammer on steel spike.
The archers and other wielders were given a mission to carry out.
If they return, it should be soon.
If they return.
Brent said backing away from Rekkan.
They were given an order to attack the Fire Realm main force from the flank.
Lieutenant Borgan would have pushed hard to bring back a report of high killing numbers.
Lieutenant Borgen was in charge.
Brent asked.
Lorusk nodded his response.
Brent knew that Borgen was one of the most merciless superiors that Atmos had at his command.
He would stop at nothing to see the worst done on many of his missions.
Do you know where the rest of the council is.
I do believe that they went directly to the king tent.
Brent knew that he would get little information from the captain so he backed out of the tent, reluctantly leaving the broken king behind.
Atmos searched the loot to collect his bounty.
The wielders were laying the weapons and armor they found left behind by the Fire Realm men at his feet.
Most of it had been worn by Rekkan himself, but there were a few extra weapons in the stack from the Crimson.
The wielders quickly separated them into four different stacks by element.
Two swords in the middle, formerly belonging to King Rekkan, had an equal distribution of the four elements two on each blade.
Rekkan wife held the weapon that allowed her to be crowned queen bearing a mark from three realms.
Atmos immediately picked up a few pieces and put them in his pocket.
Most of the imbuements being water and earth.
Two of them was also the fire and wind.
He picked up the swords and turned them over in his hands.
Get Captain Lorusk, Atmos said to no one in particular.
A man near the back sped off to do his bidding.
He looked around at the remaining wielders, Each of you choose one that bears an element you do not have and keep it.
I will expect each of you to seek out a wizard for training when we return.
If you cannot handle the magic, put it away until you can get your training.
If you cannot control yourself with it, I will take it and your other imbuements to share with the others here.
The higher ranking men stepped forward and each picked out a piece.
Some of the men put the imbuements on, but most put it into a pouch with their coins.
The others followed in rank of seniority until only a small pile remained.
The remaining men picked up pieces calling out each piece they took and the and the name of the guards that were not present still watching the captured king.
The small pile left on the ground was put into a cloth by Atmos who tucked into his own belt.
Lorusk walked up and clasped his fist to his chest, Reporting as ordered, my King.
Atmos took one of Rekkan short swords in his hand by the its tip and held it up.
A few months ago I promised you a blade with an elemental mark.
You have served me well and because I was unable to provide you with one at the time, here is one with two elements.
One of wind and one of earth.
Lorusk was caught off guard and cleared his throat.
By receiving a blade with two marks, he would be given lands as a noble and be a part of a higher class in the Earth Realm.
He would often be called upon for affairs of the realm and be admitted to eat at the king table during celebrations.
Lorusk finally removed the fist from his chest and held it out before him.
Atmos placed the hilt in his palm, Congratulations Noblemen Lorusk, Captain to the Earth Realm forces.
The rest of the wielders all pounded their fists against their chest with some cheering.
Brent clapped his hands as he watched the wielders being rewarded for not turning against the king.
Captain, alert me when the others arrive.
Lorusk bowed his head and tried to find a place amongst his armor for the sword.
Brent bent over to get into the king tent flap without getting his head caught in the fabric.
Sasha, the Earth Council seat, and Mica were already munching on some cheese and fruits.
Brent inclined his head towards Mica and reached past him for some bread.
Some night eh, Mica.
Indeed.
Did you teach Kilen to hold elements like that.
His voice was rough and full of disdain for the boy.
I did not.
He must have learned that from his short time with the Elders.
I have often wondered what kind of training they conduct there.
Weapon bearer always seem to be skilled in things we as wizards do not understand.
Yes.
Well, they certainly have outdone themselves this time.
His words gave the illusion of reverence for Kilen but dripped of sarcasm.
Brent knew Mica to be the type of person that did not like to be out done.
Mica crossed the tent and started flipping through reports and maps.
Brent stepped in close, startling Sasha, I must speak with you in private.
She rolled her eyes, What is it.
I am leaving in the morning to find the Elder Wizards.
Ria and I are going to aid them in finding this soul wizard.
We know that if they are to stop this wizard before another dark army is raised, we will need to act quickly, He said so that Mica would not overhear.
She looked at him while finishing her piece of cheese, What makes you think the elders have not found them already.
It does not matter, Sasha.
If they have, then fine.
If not, we can not afford to wait around for them to call on us.
He was pleading with her now.
Will you consider coming with us.
I have taken a lot of flack from the king and traveled almost the entirety of this country waiting on the Parkers to vacate the council seat so I can sit there.
No.
No, I think I will stay where I am.
She picked up some more fruit from the trays and gave him a half smile as she put the next piece of fruit in.
If you reconsider by morning, Ria wagon will be open for discussion.
He bowed his head and left the tent.
He knew he would have to update Ria on the unwillingness of Sasha.
Brent hoped that the earth wizard would not go gossiping about their departure to Mica or the king.
If she did, it would complicate their matters with debates.
Outside, heavy winded archers were pouring into the tents.
Most of the men carried dead bodies of other Earth Realm soldiers.
The majority of them were archers but mixed in the bunch were those of the wielders Atmos had left behind for this secret mission.
Finally, Brent laid eyes on John, Bowie, and the girl that followed him.
A female wizard was uncommon enough, but a female wielder was very rare in any elemental kingdom.
He wondered if she would refuse him as well.
Sergeant Curtain, may I have a word with Master Crescent.
Brent asked.
We will have business to attend to with the king soon.
You may speak with him briefly.
John stood beside Bowie waiting to hear what the water wizard had to say.
Brent spoke anyways, I am leaving in the morning.
I wish you to come with me.
Bowie scratched his head, Leaving for where.
We are going to find the Elder Wizards and aid them in stopping this soul wizard.
It seems that King Atmos has done all that he can to doom us.
I cannot.
I would look like a traitor to the men here if I left.
Besides, I volunteered to join this army.
I can not just up and leave, Bowie said.
Actually, you can.
Chit is the only one from Humbridge that must do his duty.
He must stay a year in order for your town to be out of their responsibility of tax for the upcoming year.
Weapon Bearer Kilen and yourself are under no arrangement for staying.
You are paid for staying on, that is all, Brent said pleading.
John cleared his throat, Wizard, I do not think you understand what Bowie presence means to this company.
Believe me I do, Sargeant.
I want to reiterate that if this soul wizard is not stopped, then there will most likely be no company come next year.
The dark army that rises will not fall to your arrows, Brent said.
I have other commitments to keep, Wizard Parker.
Kara still survives only because I am here.
Bowie looked as if his heart was set in stone, anchored deep underground.
I see.
Well, if you would not mind, please come say goodbye to Ria and I before you retire for the evening.
Bring Auburn with you, I believe Ria has a fondness for her.
Auburn was a little shocked by Brent is statement and blushed when Bowie looked at her.
Brent looked directly at the female wielder, Will you come say goodbye.
She smiled and pulled her hair back over her shoulder, I will be there as soon as I can.
I know how she is when you are late.
They shared a smile before Brent turned to go.
John turned to Bowie after the councilmen departed, his robe billowing out over his skinny frame, I am glad you decided to stay on.
The men still look to you to lead them, and you turned that battle in our favor more than once.
John, I would not have lasted long if it was not for Vincent or Lieutenant Borgen, Bowie said.
Auburn jabbed him in the side, I suppose I did nothing.
Her hand was on her hip as if she was ready to argue.
Yes, of course I know you helped.
You gave us all the jump on those men.
Before she could open her mouth Vincent pushed his way into the conversation, All of you, with me.
Now.
They followed him through the crowd to find King Atmos standing outside his tent.
The remaining wielders were standing in formation in front of the dead bodies lined up in five rows.
King Atmos walked around as they came to stand in the line with bows still in hand.
Where is Lieutenant Borgen.
Vincent ran to the front, Sire, he fell in battle.
I have collected his imbuements.
Very well, Roads.
Report on the battle.
The Fire Realm is fleeing to the south of the valley.
We were able to take a few over six thousand of their men.
Including wizards, wielders, and soldiers.
The skill of a few of your archers saved us as we invaded their defenses.
Their numbers forced us to lose a little over three hundred men.
Those included Lt.
Borgen, and nine of the twenty five armored wielders.
The Fire Realm was fleeing.
Aye, Sir.
Very well.
Bring me the spoils.
Bowie watched as the wielders stepped up and dumped their canvas bags that they had collected the imbuements inside of.
Each one poured the contents of his bag on the ground in front of the king.
When the line reached Chit he stepped up and poured the contents of his bag reluctantly and watched as Lorusk glared at his companion.
Bowie finally ran forward and pulled the imbued dagger from where he had tucked it in his belt.
Vincent waved him back before he could drop it on the pile.
The king saw him coming forward with the dagger then turn away, Wait.
Archer, what do you have.
I have a dagger, Sire Put it with the others, he commanded Vincent cleared his throat, My lord, he killed the weapon bearer that had it in battle.
I do not think that this blade belongs with the rest.
The king looked at Vincent, Lieutenant Roads, before I fully declare your promotion and new assignment taking up the war leader position for Lt.
Borgen, I will advise you to not to speak out of turn.
Ria voice wafted over the formation as she walked between the wielders, I do not believe he spoke out of turn.
By wizard law, if Master Crescent took the weapon in battle, then it is his.
She reached the king and turned her back to him to address Lt.
Roads.
Are any of these other imbuements due to his skills.
Madam Wizard, I believe a large portion, maybe even half of the imbuements, were taken due to his skill in wind magic.
Vincent said.
Just how did he win this battle and claim so many imbuements, Lieutenant.
Ria asked.
The archer as they call him, summoned an elemental.
Using this blade, he took off a wielder and tore apart the army that was beginning to advance on us.
If it was not for his skill, we surely would have lost He said.
Atmos interrupted, I thought I told Sergeant Curtain he was in charge.
Are you saying that this archer took this blade without permission.
Atmos asked.
No, my lord.
He was assigned with me to advance.
I saw him kill the wielder and ordered him to take it and use it.
I was abiding by wizard law in battle, my lord.
Atmos took a moment to collect his thoughts and any argument he might have to reclaim the armaments.
He ground his teeth and finally gave the order, Keep the blade.
Lt.
Roads, I have a blade for you in my tent.
Accompany Captain Lorusk to retrieve it.
The rest of the imbuements will go in the tent to be distributed later.
Ria held up a finger, still in her place between Atmos and Vincent, I believe he said half of the imbuements were taken by Master Crescent.
I would not want to anger an already volatile situation with the Elders.
I am sure they would be unhappy to hear of the events that took place today.
After all, I am on my way to visit them first thing in the morning.
Perhaps Master Crescent and I could arrange a deal so you can acquire some of the imbuements claimed in battle.
I am sure I can negotiate in favor of the Earth Realm.
The king said nothing but his expression was given away with the veins on his forehead about to burst.
She held out her hand to Vincent, May I borrow your sack, Lieutenant.
He handed her the canvas sack hanging from his belt.
Master Crescent, come and pick up your imbuements.
I am sure the Lieutenant will help you pick the ones that are yours, Ria commanded.
Bowie slowly started forward, but before he could get to the pile Vincent had already begun picking up handfuls of the imbued jewelry and dropping it into the bag.
When half of the pile was gone he stood and handed the bag to Bowie.
Ria turned to the king and smiled.
Atmos growled out orders as he made his way to the tent, Let us go inside.
Captain, make sure we get these men buried and the soldiers get some rest.
We ride back to Deuterium at first light.
Roads, you are with me.
Vincent, Bowie, and Ria followed the king inside his tent as Lorusk began to bark out orders.
He heard Chit is name specifically called out twice before they reached the tent flap.
Inside the tent, Atmos found a seat behind what use to be Bowie table.
Another canvas sack was brought in to what Bowie could only assume was the rest of the claimed imbuements.
Start negotiating, Ria.
I will have you out of my camp as quickly as possible.
You are beginning to vex me, Atmos spat.
She smiled at Bowie, then at the king.
She curtsied and slapped Bowie on the back of the legs with a root, I taught you better than that.
Stand up straight, you are in the presence of a king.
Bowie thought he was standing up straight, but he tried to make himself look a little taller to make her happy.
My lord, I am here in the interest of all.
I want to make sure these imbuements are not gambled away in every tavern from here to the Water Realm.
I think they should stay in the custody of a king and his army, She said eloquently.
Yes, yes get on with it Ria.
What does the boy want.
I believe it is simple.
He wishes for the release of the Weapon Bearer sister, Kara.
After all, they want to make sure she is safe.
He will give you half of what imbuements he has for that alone.
Bowie spoke, Wait.
I can not just take her, she would destroy everything.
The boy is right, Ria.
She needs to be trained before she can go wandering about.
I have people to protect, Atmos said.
Ria smiled, It just so happens that Brent will be leaving with me tomorrow.
We will leave here and pick up Kara on our way to the Elder Wizards.
Surely they have a wizard that is more adept at teaching those of her element.
Brent will be able to handle her until we can find them, as he did on the way to Deuterium.
Brent had a weapon bearer to back him up in case of emergency.
He did not do this alone, Atmos retorted.
Brent still has a weapon bearer standing before you now to aid him in this.
Bowie will also be taking two water imbuements from the sack for this purpose, Ria said.
Atmos took a drink of wine and swallowed hard, eyeing the earth wizard over the rim of his cup, What are his other demands.
Only that we have a week supply of food, horses to carry us, and to award some of the other imbuements himself to members of your force.
The king scratched his beard and leaned back in the rickety camp chair.
The wood creaked, Bowie was sure that it would break under his weight.
You still have only accounted for half of the imbuements.
What of the others.
Well, I assume that we will need some sort of insurance incase the fire wizard caused any damage.
I was thinking the imbuements that are not accounted for would be that payment, my lord.
Ria stood with her hands folded at her waist and a smile never left her face.
How many imbuements will you be awarding and to whom, archer.
Bowie took a moment to think before answering.
He scratched his head, There are two archers that helped me teach back in Deuterium.
I would give Andrew one of earth, and Tyler one of water.
Bobby, who has particular skill in surgery, would receive water.
I would like to give Sargeant Curtain a set of water and wind as well.
Atmos nodded, Others.
My lord, I do not know Lt.
Roads well, but it seems he could use one for his efforts keeping us alive in battle today.
I will let you choose one for him.
I want to keep one extra of water for the fletcher, Auburn.
He said almost as if asking.
Atmos tipped forward putting all four legs of the chair on the ground, No deal.
Ria took a step forward, I beg you to reconsider.
I have already discussed leaving with Master Crescent.
I know he will be considering it a lot more now that he has a fortune of imbuements at his disposal.
I have his friend sister.
If he would like to see her remain alive, he will give up all the imbuements, including the two he had before battle.
The king said it as if negotiations had already been concluded.
A moment of silence followed before Ria laughed a very loud and forced laugh, I suppose she is to be taken to the traitor bowls because you have bone to pick with her brother.
I swear your humor is dry but funny, sire.
That was not a joke, wizard.
Oh.
Well in that case, I think you ought to be made aware that I hold the earth magic in this hovel.
I will be crushing the entirety of your men shortly due to your threats to kill an innocent wizard.
Furthermore, when I am done here, your reign will look as a disease in the history books that started another wizard war.
The ground started to tremble which caused Atmos chair to crack.
Vines reached out of the ground and restrained Mica and Sasha.
Control as much wind magic as you can, Master Crescent.
Do nothing with it, mind you.
Just hold it, She said.
Vines now constricted around everyone present in the tent except Ria and Bowie.
The vine victims were squeezed until they gasped to breathe.
It only takes one mistake with a wielder of power to undo what you have accomplished.
I think you taught me that lesson with your actions against King Rekkan.
Bowie will keep his bargain we have set forth.
I will keep all of you tied up here until we are on our way from this camp.
She picked up the sack of imbuements and opened it for Bowie.
Get the imbuements we discussed, but leave the one for John and the archers.
He will not allow them to keep them anyway.
If you would have stayed he most likely would have killed you before morning so that he can have these.
A fire started on one of the vines constricting the king he was using fire magic to try and loosen her grip on him.
The dirt opened and Atmos sunk into the dirt up to his chin.
You think me feeble.
I was channeling magic before your father was born.
Test me again, oh king, and I will crush your army, She said with as much fire that lit the torches in the tent.
Screams could be heard outside of the tent of the men being tortured.
Auburn came through the door with her bow in hand, followed by Brent, who had a panicked look upon his face.
Ria turned away from the king, I will explain later.
Each of you, get a good horse and some supplies for the road.
We are leaving, now.
Brent took another look around and nodded his head before ducking out the door.
Auburn was reluctant to follow so Bowie ducked out as well, waiting beside the tent flap.
Ria casually walked around the tent looking each person in the eye.
Finally, she stopped and squatted to look at Atmos head sticking out from the ground.
Come after me and I will make sure to put your lowest ranking soldier on your throne the day I drop you from the highest tower of your castle.
She stood and looked around the tent once more before picking up a piece of cheese to eat on her way out.
Bowie and Auburn ran as fast as they could to their tents and grabbed their bags inside.
On his way he saw several soldiers still sinking in the ground up to their necks.
He hoped Ria would not mistake him for one of those soldiers.
One simple bag containing of all his belongings was all that remained, so it did not take long for him to clear out his tent.
Crossing the camp to the horses, he noticed there was still a large amount of arrows so he filled his quiver and grabbed a handful as Auburn caught up to him.
Let is get out of here.
Do you think she can really hold off the entire camp.
Auburn asked almost in a panic.
Bowie smirked, Let is not find out.
They dashed for the rope where the horses were tied.
Charger was anxious to see Bowie and ready to ride.
He had been tied up all day while Bowie was fighting.
He patted his favorite horse on the nose and freed him.
When he finished tying his saddle on, he mounted and saw Auburn leading a horse of Elian stock and possibly better than his.
The horse was already saddled but danced around as she tried to mount it.
She jumped a few times with one foot in the stirrup before slinging her leg over its back.
He nodded to her and they carefully lead their horses through the camp towards Ria wagon.
Bowie was extra careful to keep Charger hooves from crushing the heads sticking out of the dirt.
Ria was patiently waiting in the wagons seat for the others to arrive.
Out of the shadows being cast on the ground by the setting sun, Brent lead a horse while trying to hold onto an armload of books.
He dropped several and stopped the horse so he could finish packing them.
Once everyone was in their saddles, Ria smiled and began leading them down the road northward.
Bowie looked back and cursed under his breath.
Auburn turned her head to the side, Missing something.
Bowie grumbled, My bloody tools.
Auburn reached into her saddlebag and pulled two leather pouches.
I have them.
How else am I supposed to keep my dads shop in business.
Bowie smiled and held out his hand for one of the leather pouches.
She pulled it back, These are mine now.
You forgot to grab them.
Unless you have something to trade perhaps I heard you were a good businessman.
Bowie looked back at the camp falling behind in the distance.
He reached inside his pocket and pulled out a ring with a blue jewel inside.
It is imbued with water, I figured you could use it to heal me if I ever get hit with another arrow.
She snatched up the ring and gave him the leather package which he quickly inspected for his grandfather tools.
When he looked up she had the ring on her hand and was smiling at him.
He shrugged, confused at the look she was giving him.
I know I told you that I would not be visiting your bed just because I was coming with your troop.
I just want to let you know that just because you proposed, it does not mean I will be visiting it until the marriage is done right.
Wait a second.
It was too late, Auburn had already spurred her horse forward and was showing off her ring to Ria in the driver seat of the wagon ahead.
Brent looked at Bowie, You look troubled.
Troubled does not even begin to describe it.
Bowie said as he reached up to tighten his hat.
He cursed when he remembered he was not wearing one.
Chapter News of the Battlefront The summer in the open plains of the Water Realm had already reached sweltering temperature.
Leroy remembered the unbridled humidity so close to the lake he wished he had filled his water skin at the last stream.
Izabel, the herbalist he had promised to court, was sitting in the driver seat of the wagon seeming unfazed by the heat.
She looked pristine as ever with a dress that climbed to the tip of her chin.
The trip back to Keepers from Deuterium was a lot longer than he had remembered the other way around.
Of course, he was traveling with Kilen and had his energy rejuvenated every couple of hours.
This time he stopped at almost every town along the way to get a room or stop for something to eat.
Izabel had made a point to remind him that he needed to court her properly at least once a day.
He still had not managed to complete a proper date during their travels.
It was always interrupted or shortened by their need to keep moving away from the city.
He had it in his mind he would give her one once he introduced her to his mother and father.
It was a big disappointment when he did.
His father said Izabel was not part of Keepers and she would have to leave the morning after arriving.
She insisted they stay close to his hometown, even though he said it was not a town.
She argued and won, just like every other time.
So here he was again, leading the wagon outside of the boundaries of Keepers to set up their tent.
I think we are far enough outside of town now.
Izabel stood on top of the wagon and put her hand over her eyes to shade them.
I see a stream not to far away.
How deep is it.
Deep enough when it rains to come to my chest, but not shallow enough that it runs dry in the summer.
The stream is supplied directly from Lake Leviathan, so it always flows.
The dirt here seems rich enough to grow some plants.
I only see one trees for shade.
She pointed at a withering tree with less than half of its limbs with leaves.
I think here will do nicely.
We are close to the road that those wanting to avoid Keepers will come.
We are still close enough to the Earth Realm to draw travelers in.
I should be able to start a good shop here.
She turned in a circle atop the wagon.
He wondered how she stayed so cool in a dress that came all the way to the chin with lace and trimmings.
She moved to step off the wagon and Leroy rushed to hold out his hand, as any proper man would do.
She had taught him enough of proper behavior on their improper dates for him to start knowing how to treat a lady.
Are you sure you want to start it here.
The materials are a little scarce.
Leroy was still trying to catch his breath, which seemed harder because of the heat.
Looking back at the lake and the town of keepers the sun illuminated in the foreground he began to come up with a plan.
I guess I can build the base out of rock and haul that over from the lake.
I might be able to get the others to lend us a hand in loading the wagon.
Leroy said untying the cattle from the back.
Yes, this place will do fine.
I will get started planting if you want to unload the sheep, she said more like a command than a question.
Leroy really hated the sheep, but they served more than one purpose.
Clothing and if needed, food.
He was still unsure what he had gotten himself into Izabel had bought two sheep and two cows on the way.
The undiscussed purchase of the animals gave a more permanent feel to their relationship, but he could be just reading into things.
The sheep rode in the wagon for most of the way.
The cows pulled the wagon when the horses needed a break, but often in an unwanted direction when they were spooked.
He had broken three wheels and knew he was lucky to not have broken more.
The two cows now followed on lengthy ropes behind the wagon.
Let me get the livestock to the water and then shade before I start putting up the tent.
Leroy knew that if he could get the building up, then Izabel plans would be a success.
She was very talented with herbs and remedies, and Leroy had a knack with food.
They planned on putting up an inn for travelers to stay in along the road.
If Leviathan Castle ever rose from its watery depths, the inn would be just a stone throw from Keepers and in a great location for business.
Izabel seemed eager to sink her fingers into the rich soil.
He watched as she chose an open spot with sparse grass.
The place for her garden just happened to be the same place he was going to choose to put the foundation for the inn.
Leroy shook his head and continued to work on untying the cattle from the back of the wagon.
The cows went straight for the water so Leeroy unloaded the sheep for them to get a drink as well.
She had acquired a male and female of both cow and lamb.
Izabel had the thought to breed livestock so they could feed their visitors without fear of running out of meat.
Leroy finished watering the animals and made his way back to the wagon while they grazed in the open, waist high grass.
When he reached the wagon, he noticed a man approaching on a horse.
He started to unload the tent, but as the rider appeared in the distance he recognized him as Sergeant Wells.
Leroy stopped what he was doing and waited for him to finish approaching, Did I forget something.
Wells stepped off his horse and tied it to the wagon.
Some of us in town do not agree with your father dislike of the girl.
We figured we would help.
My father going to allow you to help.
Leroy stopped tugging at the knots of rope around the packed tent.
Does it matter.
He not a mayor and we are not his subjects.
We will do as we please.
I have come to find out what you will be doing out here.
Izabel approached, brushing the loose dirt from her hands, We will eventually be building an inn.
For now, we are just trying to get some plants started and a place to keep the animals.
Wells nodded, I will get some of the people to see what scraps we can lend to you.
Leroy, do not forget the horses you bought before you left.
We are still using them but you may want to demand them back from your father.
Leroy smiled, Thanks Sergeant.
I will think about.
Can I give you a hand with the tent.
He asked.
Leroy nodded and they pulled it from the wagon.
Your father has been worried about you.
He figured you would at least write, telling him you made it to Deuterium, or when you would be on your way back.
When Leroy did not respond to his banter he cleared his throat, He thought you were dead, Leroy.
Well, I am not dead, and I am home.
He did not even welcome me back.
At least my mother hugged me before he kicked us out, and she is dying.
It will take some time for him to see you as being alive, but he will come around.
He is right though, you cannot build a inn, shop, or house in Keepers.
King Atmos will come down on all of us for taxes, Wells said.
I know.
I should not have suggested it.
I just wanted to come home and there are promises that I made, He said, sticking his chin out in the direction of Izabel.
Leroy did not really want to get rid of Izabel, but he did want to make good on his promise and he could not unless his father let him come home.
Leroy picked up a rock and started pounding the tent stake into place.
Wells replied a bit more somber, As long as you know.
The rest of the stakes were hammered into place and oil treated poles lifted the canvas off the ground to form the tent.
Leroy began adjusting the guide lines to the tent and saw a few carts on their way to his site.
Who is that.
Wells laughed, Id say the rest of the people who disagreed with your father.
Looks like they are done loading the supplies.
Mostly stone for the foundation right now, but we will collect some good lumber from around the lake as soon as this is built.
You said an inn, right.
Even though he thought she was not listening, Izabel yelled out from where she was digging in the dirt, Yes.
He did say an inn.
The men looked at each other and laughed.
A fence for the livestock, and eventually a stable for the guests horses, Izabel said.
Wells smiled as he helped tie the knot around the tent stake, She is not demanding at all.
Leroy looked at the girl digging in the dirt, She is my burden for getting mixed up with a weapon bearer.
Do not you forget it, Mr.
Bradley, She said without looking up.
Twilix was starting to take control of her emotions again.
Today by far, had been the easiest to get out of bed and start the day.
For some reason she actually wanted to train Kara instead of taking a bath.
Except now Kara seemed to be acting strange.
The last two days she had not complained once about Twilix being slow.
Kara, are you feeling well.
Twilix said while busy combing Kara hair, as it had become tradition before leaving their room.
I am fine, thank you.
You have not been talking much lately.
Especially about getting out of this room.
I mean, you have not even asked to go into town in the last couple days.
The brush went through her dark hair a couple more times before she responded, I talked to Brandon and he has me thinking.
Well if it is Brandon, I am sure it was not too deep of thought, She smiled at the joke.
In the mirror she saw that Kara was not smiling.
But it was.
He said he is taking a risk letting me out of the dungeons.
He also said if I were to go into town, it would be an even bigger risk.
If King Atmos found out, Brandon would most likely be punished instead of not me.
So you do not want others to be punished for you being out of the dungeon, but you can not go back into the dungeon.
Twilix asked while waving the hair bush like a septer.
Yes, she said as she turned in her chair.
Brandon has let me stay out of the dungeon, but what happens when the king returns and I have to go back in.
I will become angry and lose control.
Then he will surely be punished, Kara said looking at the floor.
Yes, I guess he will be, will not he.
Twilix set the brush down on the silver tray it rested on throughout the day.
She sat down on the chair and thought for a moment.
Kara watched her thoughtfully, clearly turning the situation over in her mind.
Twilix mind had been clouded by the magic of late.
It frustrated her to know that she missed such a situation.
Kara, I know you feel as though this is your fault, but we all played a part in this.
I am the one who convinced the guards to let you out, and I convinced Brandon to let you stay out.
Although we all had a hand in this, we all knew the risk we would be taking.
Even Brandon knew.
So what do we do.
I can not go back in the dungeon, and I can not let you all be punished for me, Kara said.
The smile on Twilix face widened, We need to train you.
C amon.
Twilix was on her feet and out the door in a flash and Kara tried to stay on her heels.
The guard that was standing in the hallway jumped when they bolted out the door.
Twilix yelled over her shoulder as she pulled Kara along by her arm, Come on boys, there a fire wizard loose on the grounds.
The guards came running out of the room, holding their armor in their arms as they chased the girls down the hallways.
Kara rounded the corner and tripped over her new legs.
Twilix and her both crashed into the wall and laughed at their failure to get away.
The first guard rounded the corner and they squealed as they started running again.
Being around Kara made her feel like the tiny carefree wizard everyone had thought she had been.
The two girls threw open the door to the training grounds and ran across the cracked dirt while the wielders all tried to keep up and put on their clothes at the same time.
One was still holding his breeches and running in his small clothes.
The girls laughed and turned their backs to them so he could finish getting dressed.
Twilix blurted out a half apology, Sorry, we are just having a bit of fun.
The large, bald leader spoke to them for the first time that Kara had heard, You are lucky we do not strap you both and put you both in the dungeon.
Twilix gathered her full height and stomped up to the bald wielder.
You think I like having you follow us all over this castle like I need a caretaker.
You are merely a feeble precaution that would not stand a moment if this girl opened her strength on you.
Threaten me like that again and I will freeze your tongue right out of your mouth.
If we want to run through the castle, we can.
If I want to go into town without you confining her to a room, then I will.
You do not own me or any other wizard.
Truthfully, the only reason you have imbuements is because of wizards, so you should be thanking us for giving you the power you wield.
Go on, thank her for the power.
Twilix held out an open hand towards Kara.
We are done, the advisor can put you back in the dungeon himself.
The leader of the wielders took a couple steps back, then turned and walked away.
The rest of the men followed and none looked back.
Great, now Brandon is going to make me go back.
Why did you do that.
Kara said.
You will see, but for now let us get to practicing.
I want you to try something.
It is a very powerful skill that takes a lot of strength.
It is called Inferno Fire.
It takes a few different skills in magic to use it properly and it should speed your training along.
Kara seemed to perk up at the name Inferno Fire.
Wait, I read about this in one of the books you brought down.
It turns heat in on itself until you create a ball of pure intensity.
Yes, that is how Mary described it.
Would you like to try it.
What should I try and use it against.
Twilix turned Kara around and pointed at a very large boulder that Brandon had left behind during his battle with Kilen.
The boulder was the remnant arm of his giant stone elemental, the point of the giants elbow reminded her of the large wielders bald head.
How much do you remember from the book.
Kara closed her eyes and tried to remember, Not much.
It said to force the heat to push itself into a tight ball, wrapping layer after layer of heat until it becomes almost too strong to hold.
Each element has an ability to do this and each element is done in the same way.
I start with a small amount of my magic to get it rolling.
I let it pull itself into a tangle and I keep pushing it to roll.
The center of the rolling magic will start to pull itself inward and all you have to do is keep the magic from escaping as you push more in, Twilix said making motions with her hand as she demonstrated the magic.
Kara nodded at the description.
Listen, it is very dangerous so I will do it first and you can watch.
You will see that I must release the magic before it overcomes my ability to maintain it.
At first it is easy to contain, but it will very quickly overpower you if you go too far.
Watch and pay attention, Twilix commanded.
Twilix began rolling the magic into a ball and Kara watched as layer after layer of liquid ice rolled in between Twilix hands.
Slowly, it grew in size from grape, to egg, to the size of a fist.
I am almost there, watch.
Twilix let out a grunt and the ball of liquid ice streaked across the training grounds leaving a frozen path all the way to where it landed.
Shards of ice spiked out in every direction as the ball impacted on the rock surface.
Kara was staring at Twilix and did not seem to notice the damage done by the impact of her magic.
Are you ready to try.
Twilx asked.
Your eyes changed color.
Kara said, pointing at Twilix face.
Kara, have you never looked into your own eyes in the mirror while channeling magic.
All of our eyes change color.
Your eyes change to red when you channel.
That alone is enough to unnerve some people.
Kara put a hand to her own face, I suppose it would, would not it.
Well, we can look into the mirror later.
Would you like to try Inferno Fire.
Yes, I can try.
She said turning to face the stone.
Okay.
Start small.
I want you to release it long before you reach your full potential.
There plenty heat about with this sun baking us, so it should build fast enough.
Oh, and you will want to hold onto the magic and push it away from you before you release it or it will splash flames all over us.
You are making me nervous, She said, starting to take a step back.
Well, you should be, but I would rather you learn with me here than on your own.
Go ahead and try, I will be here to help if something goes wrong.
She gave a smiled to encourage Kara to try.
Kara shook her hands at her side as if it would help and began to build the swirling fire.
Soon, she had liquid flame rolling around between her fingers.
Twilix took a step back because of the heat emitting from Kara.
She watched as Kara closed her eyes and continued to push the flames into a tiny, rotating ball.
Thats enough, go ahead and throw it, Twilix encouraged from a safe distance.
Kara pushed her hands forward and used magic to launch her egg sized ball of liquid flame.
Halfway to the stone target, the embers erupted from their tiny prison and threw flames around the training grounds.
The loud boom that followed scared Kara so much that she jumped back and let out a squeak.
The ice path that Twilix had made with her ball all but disappeared from the heat.
Some of the ice on the stone melted even from a distance where the flames landed.
Kara turned to Twilix, That was fun.
She had a smile on her face and turned to watch the flames dissipate from the ground, as nothing was there to fuel them.
Twilix took a couple more steps back, Go ahead and try again, this time a bit stronger and hold onto it until it hits the stone if you can.
Twilix gathered water to herself just incase she needed to extinguish any flames Kara could not control.
Twilix laughed to herself as Kara waved her hands in a circle like it would help form the ball of flame.
Some wizards used gestures or motion to help them hone their talents it was not needed, but could make the effort easier.
Sometimes a wizard would give away an attack by the way they moved their arms.
Twilix made a mental note to tell Kara about it later so she could become aware of what she was doing.
Sweat formed on the Kara brow, Twilix was sure it had little to do with the heat being pulled in the spiraling flame between her fingers.
It grew to the size of an egg and Twilix watched as Kara compacted the flames and added to it until she could not maintain its size any longer.
She knew if this went badly she would have to heal Kara.
Even liquid flames were too much for her to protect herself from.
She gathered a tiny rotating ball of water and pushed layer after layer in on itself so she had a sphere about the size of a wagon wheel sitting on the ground in front of her.
The second fire sphere was launched and went erratically through the air until it collided with the stone next to the one Twilix hit.
The collision of the flame on stone seemed to shake the air.
Kara smiled and began forming another, not waiting on Twilix to give the order.
The third was same size and power as the second, but spun and struck the corner of the stone Twilix had aimed at.
The inferno spewed out in a cone behind the stone causing a display of various colors of flame.
Kara was laughing while she sent more spheres hurtling towards the rocks left on the battlefield.
She laughed at the constant boom resonating from her practice.
An occasional arch of liquid heat leapt out of the balls followed by a squeal from Kara.
Twilix easily batted them away with a burst of water from her reserve.
It did not take long for Brandon to come walking out onto the field.
He had kept a close watch on them since they aged.
He looked confused as he tightened the sash on his robe.
Kara had obviously woken him from his slumber.
Where are the wielders.
Brandon asked as he looked around the field.
Well they were here a moment ago, She smiled as she looked around.
Twilix had been waiting for this moment since she thought of the idea.
She even turned in a big circle as if looking for them.
Well, at least you are here.
I will find them and have them stripped of their imbuements, Brandon said running his hand across his forehead.
I do not think that will be necessary since I upset them so.
She smiled and did her best to bat her eyes, We took a little jog this morning to get use to our new legs.
They said they were going to beat us for running off.
I told him we did not need a babysitter.
It was all very unpleasant but in the end they were happy to oblige.
They should not have abandoned their post.
I will have a word with them.
If I manage to get them to come back you will be more appreciative them, Brent commanded.
She was a little taken back by the order.
She thought maybe the effects of her aged body had worn off.
Is she using Inferno Fire.
he asked.
Yes.
Mary said she used it to learn control so I thought it would be a more natural ability for Kara to learn.
Kara launched another and Brandon watched, listening to Twilix but not removing his eyes from Kara.
It teaches not only how to harness the magic, but to direct and control it from a distance all while holding the flames together, Twilix explained.
I know how it is done, Twilix.
Yes, of course.
I was just saying Brandon looked at her and cut her off, Do not instruct me on how wielding magic works.
His vision left the young wielder making a special on the training field with consistent booms of her magic power.
You think you can just send away my wielders without permission.
When they return you will be punished, but not by them.
You do not understand the wrath that this will incur from the king.
He turned to walk away, You better hope he does not find out.
Twilix stood with her mouth open as he started to walk away.
That was not how the confrontation was supposed to go.
She was supposed to convince him that they were ready to walk about the castle by themselves.
They both knew that Kara was ready.
She just had to figure out how to convince him that the rules were too intrusive of a wizard in control.
Twilix pulled up her skirt and began to yell at him, but the wind stirred up the dirt in front of him.
Brandon looked up and they both watched as Mica descended to the ground in front of him.
She stomped up, impressed at the size of dust her new body stirred up at her step, ready to continue their discussion that ended too early for her liking.
Another boom resounded from where Kara was practicing.
The sound drew Mica attention.
Who is the fire wizard.
Mica said, tying his sash into place.
Who she is does not concern you, Councilman.
I have things under control.
Do you have news.
Brandon asked.
Mica nodded his head then looked at Twilix.
She fine.
Twilix will find out eventually either way, Brandon said, giving the councilmen permission to speak in front of her.
She then realized Mica did not recognise her.
Mica took another step forward and squinted at Twilix face.
His eyes then enlarged and he stepped back, You have aged.
That I did, Councilman.
How are things with King Atmos.
Twilix asked.
You look so different, but not different at all.
I mean I still see it is you, but older.more mature, Mica said.
Twilix became a bit irritated.
She had just gotten over people staring at her because they thought she was little.
Now they would start comparing her with her younger self although she looked the proper age.
Yes, I know.
Now, the king.
Mica cleared his throat and slowly changed his gaze to Brandon, The war is over.
The king now chases what is left of the Fire Realm back to their own lands.
King Rekkan has been stripped of power and been taken prisoner by Atmos own hand.
Brandon seemed shocked, That cannot be.
The last report I received is that King Atmos was at least a month from the battle.
Yet, you are telling me the battle is over.
Yes, of course, I have gotten ahead of myself.
The archer Bowie Crescent ran into some resistance with the Earth Realm citizens.
They started to attack his men as he traveled.
He quelled the resistance and decided to double his efforts to arrive quickly to a forward battle camp where he could prepare for the rest of the army.
The King heard the report of the resistance and took fifty wielders to catch up to Sergeant Crescent and end the revolt himself.
Brandon crossed his arms, So that is how he arrived early.
How did the king win with only the archers and a few men.
Yes, there is a bit more to tell.
When he arrived the Weapon Bearer was already within the Fire Realms Defenses.
Twilix perked up at the mention of her former trainee, and Mica showed notice by arching his eyebrow.
He continued, The Weapon Bearer arranged a meeting and it went sour.
King Atmos had already put a backup plan in place, being that he was out numbered forty thousand to one thousand.
Lieutenant Borgen and the advanced archers were able to cripple the Fire Realm defenses with a surprise attack to the flank.
How many days ago was this, Mica.
Brandon asked.
It was five days ago.
I have to apologize on my delay.
I have been busy with the king orders.
Brandon dismissed the apology with a wave of the hand, You are under orders.
Continue on with you report and orders.
The king seeks out the Weapon Bearer.
Kilen was able to aid in the escape of many fire wielders along with the treacherous councilwoman, Mary.
Twilix almost shouted to interject into the conversation, Is she alive.
And the weapon bearer, is he alive.
They are, he nodded and continued.
Both the Weapon Bearer and Mary escaped.
I am to put you on alert for an attack from them.
We do not know the amount of imbuements they have left and we wanted you placed on high alert.
Also, Wizard Ria has joined in treachery.
She has taken Councilman Parker and the Crescent boy to go to the Elders camp.
She took them.
Twilix asked.
Yes, I was there.
She buried the entire camp of men up to their heads and lashed me to the ground.
She ordered the archer who was negotiating his retirement, and Councilman Parker to leave with her to find the Elders.
King Atmos believes she is on her way to raise a Water Realm king.
Brandon interrupted putting a finger to his eyebrow, surely struggling to keep up with the information.
Why would Ria want to raise a Water Realm king.
The Kilen told her that the Elders were searching for a soul wizard.
Rekkan refused to join in the effort to bring the soul wizard to justice, this is when the meeting turned bad and Atmos had to order the attack.
Ria is under the assumption that if she raises a Water Realm king that Kilen will aid them in raising an army.
This is why I am here.
Wait, why are you here again.
Brandon said, still rubbing his eyebrow.
Raising a king when we have already established an army and just finished a war would cost us precious time.
The new king would take a few years to organize his kingdom and build an army, and we cannot afford to lose that time while we are searching for a soul wizard.
A dark army could be raised in that time.
King Atmos has already established power and knows that keeping that power under one hand will speed that along.
Yes, I see.
I think.
What are my orders, Councilman.
Brandon asked.
I am sorry for the way it is described.
I am in a hurry to warn the rest of the realm.
Brandon was becoming irritated, What are my orders, Councilman.
Mica took out a scroll to check it before continuing.
Send any available wielders to Keepers.
They are to report there to prevent Leviathan from being raised and a power shift in the realm.
I am to gather as many soldiers from villages so I can also report there for assignment.
Should I send Twilix as well.
Brandon asked.
No, he gave specific orders to keep Twilix in place.
She is supposed to watch over the Weapon Bearer sister.
Kara.
Brandon asked.
Kara heard her name from where she was standing and came to join them, Yes.
Twilix swore Mica eyes almost came out of his head as he watched Kara approach.
As she tried to hold back a laugh, Twilix introduced her formally, Mica, I would like you to meet Fire Wizard Kara Everheart.
Mica swallowed as Brandon stiffened with an irritated look on his face directed at Twilix.
It is a pleasure to meet you, Wizard Everheart.
How is it you are out of the .training rooms.
Kara looked back and forth between Twilix and Brandon and started to answer but Twilix interrupted.
During her training I started to age.
Since there were no fire wizards here to keep me alive, she did the job.
After that, she began to age.
I kept her alive and somehow during all that, she was able to learn to maintain control.
Quite the inspirational story, do not you think.
Twilix looked at Mica and smiled while batting her eyes.
Yes.well, he said while smoothing over his robes.
I am sure the king will want you both to remain here while it is still dangerous to be out.
For now, I am sure that Advisor Parker has you under strict orders.
Twilix smiled, her new body had come in handy once again, Yes, he has kept us under close watch.
He only sent the guards away this morning for a break.
I guess it will be a longer break than foreseen, now that you need them for this task.
Mica seemed to snap back to his mission and looked at Brandon, Yes, I suppose if Twilix is still maintaining control of Kara then you will have to send all other wielders along.
Make sure you keep a close eye out for The wind wizard looked again at Kara and Twilix and cleared his throat, Watch out for that wielder and the rouge fire wizard we discussed.
I am now turning towards the Water Realm to reassign more troops.
Make sure any extra soldiers you have are sent.
The rest of the army has been split, sending some here and some there.
You should see the king return in about a month.
He started to walk away before raising to the sky and then stopped to wave Brandon over.
When Brandon neared, Mica spoke in a whisper but Twilix could hear.
She pretended not to listen as she urged Kara to return to her training.
I wanted to warn you.
Bowie, the archer, was also negotiating for the release of the fire wizard behind you.
Our king suspects he may try and break in to rescue her.
Keep a careful watch out.
Brandon furrowed his eyebrows, He suspects attacks from a weapon bearer that has already beaten me, and an archer that is accompanied by two wizards, but says I should send wielders and soldiers away.
Yes, the king is sending wielders to speed up the troops movements and some are already on their way to aid your defenses here.
You will see a large number of wind wielders arriving to aid you as soon as they finish their orders.
Mica released the sash on his folded robes and took a step back, I do not have anymore time to explain.
I have my orders and now so do you.
Watch over the castle a little while longer.
Mica took to the sky and Kara ran to follow the man flying through the air.
Wow, how does he do that.
Twilix answered still looking at Brandon back, He is a wind wizard, Kara.
He uses the wind like a kite to pull him into the sky.
She glanced at Kara and saw she was still distracted so she walked to Brandon, Something does not sound right.
It took Brandon a moment to respond, He is a wind wizard and they have been known to be erratic.
He obviously is not explaining it correctly.
Where is Alexander.
I thought he was supposed to be helping Kilen.
We should wait to hear from him before we do anything rash.
Twilix tried to take a commanding tone.
You should watch yourself.
You have a newly awakened fire wizard to keep from burning the castle down.
Besides, you are already close to me sending you to the dungeons for your behavior this morning.
If Kilen arrives we will do what we must to protect this kingdom.
We have no idea what is going on until we hear from the others.
Brandon turned to Twilix and spoke in a hushed tone as not to distract Kara, From now on you will restrict your games to stay between you and her.
Keep out of my sight and out of trouble or I will confine you to your room until the king comes to put you both in the dungeon.
She started to open her mouth but Brandon held up a hand, Do not tempt me to do it now.
She closed her mouth and with anger on her face, nodded her head.
He walked away and Kara came to stand beside her, What was that all about.
Nothing.
We will just have to be a bit more careful not to eat our meals at the same time as him.
It seems my beauty distracts his thoughts from where they should be.
She did her best to put on a confident smile and turned to join Kara in throwing their elements at the boulder.
Chapter Elder Plans The mountains did a lot to help Kilen stabilize his mind, giving him periods of peace as they traveled.
The mountains did little to conceal his passing of Kesterton, the pirate city, as he traveled northward towards the Elder Wizards pass.
He kept to the higher portions of the mountains where the temperatures were cooler.
The traveling back and forth on the peaks and having to backtrack had delayed him more than a week.
Once he even backtracked a week because of a small mountain outpost Kilen was trying to avoid.
He saw at least two different wind wielders from the Earth Realm fly in and out of the mountain outpost.
He had to move down the mountain to the area more dense with trees to avoid confrontation.
He knew that he would be named a traitor, but that was nothing that King Atmos had not done in the past.
Atmos would twist his words and surely would say that Kilen tried to strike him down during discussions for peace.
They all knew Atmos was up to something and they did nothing to prevent it.
He knew it was too late to change what happened.
He just hoped his friends were still alive.
Thinking of death almost always put the crying man into a rage.
That is what they called him now The Crying Man.
Over the last couple weeks since the man had been killed by Chit, he uttered only a handful of actual words.
Most of the sounds he made were wails and sobs.
The sobs were so loud that Tokeye and Joahna had to use elemental forms to train instead of inside Kilen head.
Max did his best to calm the man, but nothing seemed to help.
Because Kilen was merely picturing his friends running from King Atmos, the man started screaming.
Oh quiet down, will you.
Kilen said to the open mountainside.
Both elementals stopped for a second before moving along.
Jace whispered on the wind, Living up to his name again.
Very much so, Kilen wanted to rip the man from his brain.
Which way.
We are here, Kilen.
Joahna said in the form of an ice man with wings.
Kilen stopped to look around but saw nothing familiar, Where is the Elder village.
I am not sure.
They said they were leaving to find the soul wizard, but this is where it was, Jace said.
Max spoke in his head, I need to take Tokeye place.
Kilen repeated the request and Tokeye gave up the elemental as Kilen went to one knee to brace himself for the spirit entering his brain.
Switching the consciousness in an elemental was quite taxing on Kilen perception.
One spirit in and another one out each time.
The world tilted and he emptied his stomach of the eggs Jace had found high in the trees earlier that morning.
Kilen rinsed his mouth of the second tasting of his breakfast.
If he was not careful he would become weak and frail from all the vomiting.
What is it you hope to see, Max.
Kilen asked.
Exactly what I have found.
This is the place, the trees are new.
Their roots are new and even the moss and grass here is new.
There is not one sign of death in the area.
It is as if the Elder moved their town and replaced it with a fresh portion of forest.
Max was walking about, stretching his elemental arms and legs as if he had been cramped into a school desk all day.
Max had mentioned death and The Crying Man let out a wail of agony.
Kilen tried to picture himself slapping the weeping man, but nothing happened.
He had tried to picture it before, the results were the same every time.
It did help Kilen cope with the constant screaming.
Kilen opened his eyes and found Max realistic stone eyes staring back, I upset him again did not I.
Kilen nodded his response, Which way to do we go now.
Jace voice bounced off the trees, making it sound like it was speaking from every direction.
Perhaps we should ask Alexander.
I just saw him descend to the west.
I think he waiting for you.
Kilen pulled his blue cape from his bag, Bowie bought the cape before they left the Water Realm and hed only worn it on a couple of occasions.
The cape still looked new and would most likely confuse anyone looking for a weapon bearer looks for someone wearing a green cape, as he had been seen before.
Jace advice was always something Kilen took to heart.
Max formed into a horse and Kilen climbed on top after throwing the bag over his back as a saddle to cushion the ride.
Lead the way, Jace.
Kilen said knowing the former weapon bearer was seething him wear the flamboyant blue cape.
A strong wind picked some leaves off nearby trees and made them dance in the air.
Max followed the oddly flowing leaves through the forest.
The winding direction lead them into a dense part of the forest.
Jace leaves dropped to the ground as they approached a copse of trees.
The air smelled thick of woodland.
Kilen dismounted and walked forward into the copse.
Cascading light fell upon a stone in the center of an opening and two men stood by the stone talking.
Kilen recognized them both.
Alexander turned and smiled at Kilen arrival.
Alexander walked to Kilen and opened his arms for an embrace, like old friends seeing each other for the first time in a long while.
You did well my boy.
I wish I could stay but I have other matters to attend to.
Bowie is safe and now traveling quickly back to Deuterium.
Go and speak to Wizard Roedan, he will want to hear of your personal account.
The other wizard, with his back to Kilen, was the same that named him a True Weapon Bearer.
Alexander gave Kilen a pat on the back as he walked away.
A stir in the air told him that Alexander had already taken flight.
The wind wizard did not stay in one place for long.
Kilen was beginning to feel a bit like a wind wizard himself lately.
Elder Wizard, Kilen said clasping his fist to his chest.
My boy, you did well.
Please sit.
The gray haired wizard motioned Kilen towards the rock.
He did as the old wizard asked.
Roedan joined him on the rock and made a groaning sound as he took his seat.
Why have you returned.
I came here so I could get some advice, Kilen had always been taught to value the opinions of his elders.
Roedan just happened to be the eldest person he had ever met.
You know that we cannot give you advice, Roedan said as Kilen nodded his head.
I can however, answer any question you have.
If you have a request in line with our desires, we may aid you.
He smiled at Kilen.
Kilen tried to remember his last encounter with the wizard.
It had ended badly with Kilen pressing for answers the wizard did not want to give.
He would have to try and not anger him this time.
I failed to prevent the war.
It was not a question, but the statement spoke a lot of the answers he sought.
My boy, I have already said you did well.
You prevented a many deaths.
Eventually Atmos army would have arrived and many men on both sides would have died.
You may have not received the outcome you wanted, but it is preferable to one alternative.
Kilen nodded his head.
I am now a wanted man in the Earth Realm I assume.
Some of the contacts we have within the realm have been put on alert to your presence.
You are to be killed on sight for being a traitor.
Being wanted will make it more difficult to right the injustice done by King Atmos.
Kilen let out a little anger when he spoke of King Atmos.
At least one man in his head felt the same way.
The other crawled into the deep part of his mind and sobbed at the mention of the king.
How do you think you should handle his injustice.
He has captured a king by deception.
I think that he should be taken from his throne, Kilen responded with ease as he had already thought of the way to deliver justice many times over.
Roedan took a large pipe from his pocket and began packing it with tobacco.
We now have three realms without a king on the throne and you want to make it a forth.
No, I do not think it wise to dethrone a king while a soul wizard is still at large.
Kilen had not thought of King Atmos being the only one left to be able to call men to fight a war.
Atmos should be brought to justice.
His actions still bring us closer to defeat.
He is working into the hands of the soul wizard by destroying an army.
Believe me Kilen, I agree.
The day will come when the army of the Earth Realm may yet save this land.
To have an army, it must have someone on the throne to lead it.
Roedan held the pipe up in front of his face, Do you mind.
Kilen concentrated heat on the tobacco and soon the old wizard was puffing away at the long stem.
Large plumes of smoke obscured his face.
If we are going to stop this soul wizard, we will need a large army, Kilen said.
The Elder nodded in agreeance.
Who else is there that can summon nobles and men to an army.
Kilen asked.
Roedan removed the pipe from his mouth and spoke with puffs of smoke, Nobles can summon men to their aid but not enough to make a difference.
Perhaps a nation of them could summon enough, but therein lies a new problem.
Finding enough of them willing to take up arms.
Roedan laughed, I forget you have not had to deal with many royal houses.
They are usually the kind of men that do nothing without getting something in return.
Also, they rarely work together.
Surely we could convince them to join forces.
All of the realms should be gathering to end this threat.
Kilen said as if trying to convince the elder.
Roedan nodded and took a couple more puffs on his pipe.
A bird flew overhead and squaked.
They watched the bird flutter on through the deep forest.
It was a good sign they were alone if animals still wandered in their area.
We could convince them to join, maybe even lend us their men.
The task would take time and time is something that we do not have.
Besides, if we did gather their men, who would lead them.
Surely you do not suggest we make King Atmos more powerful by recruiting a new army for him.
Roedan asked.
Kilen ignored the question as he was sure it was supposed to be, So we need a leader as well as an army.
Perhaps we can free Rekkan and have him gather the army.
Rekkan army is already scattered.
It is doubtful that many nobles would follow a king with no army of his own and that is already been defeated, Roedan corrected.
Kilen thought it over, He would not be able to gather an army anyway.
King Atmos would chase him in any direction deterring any chance of gathering men.
Roedan nodded but said nothing.
Kilen thought intently ignoring the sounds of the forest as he tried to think of the possibilities.
We need a new king, he finally said.
Roedan stopped puffing on his pipe but said nothing.
His hand went to the satchel hanging off his shoulder.
Quickly, he pushed it to rest on his lap.
A new king is a possibility.
Which realm would you give this new king so that he could gather his army.
Surely not the Fire Realm, it is too far to travel and gather the remnant army.
Besides, their queen surely will name a new king with the news that Rekkan has been captured.
The Water Realm, as soon as the words left Kilen lips he knew it was the best choice.
Why the Water Realm, Kilen.
The answers came quickly, They are ready for a new king.
There are already those loyal at Keepers ready to aid him.
I am sure Master Bradley would also know some of the nobles personally, which would help the new king rise.
They already border the Wind Realm, making it quick to search for the soul wizard.
Yes, very well.
What direction should you be going then.
I guess I should travel east towards the Water Realm.
How will I find the next king.
I do not know any weapon bearers in the Water Realm.
Wizard Roedan smiled, There will be those willing to help if you can make it to Keepers.
Kilen finally turned towards Roedan, That sounded like you want me to go to Keepers and find a new king for the Water Realm.
Kilen, I cannot tell you what to do.
However, if your will is in line with our desires, we could offer to help one another.
I wish to help you but only if your task is in line with ours.
Now that your will is, I can offer you our aid.
Kilen smiled, he knew when he had been had.
The old wizard had talked him into his desire without so much as lifting a finger.
Well, I do still have a task.
I want to make sure my sister stays safe.
Your sister is safe for the time being.
We have someone watching out for her.
We also will be arranging for her escape from Deuterium.
Kilen stood from the rock, You are getting her out of Deuterium.
Roedan laughed out a couple puffs of smoke, Of course, my boy.
You did as you said you would do and so we will as well.
Alexander just left to aid Wizard Parker and Ria, an old acquaintance of mine, to do just that.
Your friend, the red haired boy, is with them as well.
They were within a half day ride of Deuterium the last Alexander saw them.
If everything goes well they will meet you in Keepers in about three weeks.
Are you sure they do not need my help.
Roedan thought for a moment before speaking, I am not sure how to word this, Kilen.
The wrinkled gray haired wizard took a long drag off his pipe and finally spoke, Have you found a weapon bearer to take up the mantle of king.
No, Kilen answer quickly.
What is more important to your sister life.
You being there to rescue her, or finding a king to save us all.
Right, I will get to Keepers as fast as I can.
Kilen stood and took a couple steps.
Wait, I have something for you.
Roedan pulled the satchel off and carefully handed it to Kilen.
You must not let this out of your sight.
Inside is something you will need to give the new king.
Do not look inside until you have found the right man.
Then you, and only you, may open it.
How will I know I have found the right man to be king.
Roedan nodded as Max formed a horse behind him, This is something that I cannot answer.
You must trust in yourself to choose the right man.
He must meet the requirements having a three element blade.
He must be a man that you trust, that has already shown King Atmos he will stand for what is right.
You, go and find this man and we will rescue your sister.
After this soul wizard has been dealt with, perhaps this new king will help you serve justice to King Atmos.
Kilen smiled.
A king to the Water Realm could easily recruit the Fire Realm and his own people to fall against King Atmos.
The king could restore order between the two realms and dethrone Atmos from his tyrannous reign.
He clasped his fist to his chest, saluting the elder in farewell and Max lept forward racing west through the trees.
Kilen was sure that Max would make it to Keepers as quickly as possible to start their search for a new king.
Bowie took a long drink of the ale he had carefully bought with a copper piece in his back pocket.
Most of what he had was gold coins and would have bought the whole inn a room and a drink.
The hot ale was something he had wanted for close to a month and he finally had his mug filled to the brim.
He needed it more now than ever.
Two weeks ago he had been a superior in the king army.
Now he looked like a beggar, so close to a beggar he would have been thrown out of the bar had he not presented his copper coins first.
The barmaid waited for more money to be placed on the counter before putting the bowl of mutton stew down.
Ria had insisted that he changed the way he looked, so they traded his nice jacket, pants and shoes with those of a traveling man.
He wiggled his big toe out of the hole in his boot it was a habit he had made since acquiring them.
The thick wool jacket irritated his skin and made him sweat at all hours.
Wherever it hung loosely, it caused him to itch.
He only wore it when they came near a town, but since he could actually see Deuterium, Ria insisted that he wear the jacket all the times.
He planned to take it off as soon as he was in the stable when he was done eating so he started to spoon some of the mutton into his mouth.
His attention was snatched by Auburn coming down the stairs from her room.
She had taken to wearing the purple dress that the greedy merchant had given her.
The contrast between her red hair and the color of the dress drew every head as she entered the room.
She touched his shoulder before sitting down.
He was playing the part of her manservant until they could find a way to get Kara out of the dungeon.
From across the room she sat down at a table servants rarely ate at the same table as their noble owners.
She pushed the long red braid of hair from behind her back to rest on her shoulder.
She smiled while doing it.
Bowie hair was only shoulder length now.
Ria had also cut his hair to obscure any description the king men had given of him.
Auburn had taken to teasing him about it every moment of the day.
It now fell loosely around his face in greasy strands, obscuring it from view.
A plate of chicken and buttered potatoes with a basket of rolls was set beside Bowie bowl.
The barmaid glanced at him and stuck her hand out in Auburn direction.
Bowie let out a grunt before getting up from his half finished stew to serve Auburn dinner to her.
She took a roll from the basket and handed it to him before he left the table.
Then handed him her mug to have filled.
She smiled and ostantagesly batted her eyes.
Bowie grumbled under his breath as he went back to the barmaid to have the mug filled.
She gave Bowie an unpleasant look before sliding back the mug, It is a wonder she keeps you around with all your complaining.
Bowie retorted the storyline he had been given I am an old family friend.
She helping me get back on my feet.
She started cleaning out a mug behind the counter, She is doing more than she should then.
I would start treating her nicer if you wanted to keep getting help.
Bowie wanted to tell her who he was really a master craftsmen but instead walked on to serve Auburn her drink.
She handed him another roll wrapped in a handkerchief.
He mumbled, Thanks.
When he turned around, Brent was showing a chair to Ria.
They paid no attention to him as they sat down at a table near the front door.
The barmaid went directly to their table to serve them.
They had traveled separately into town, playing the part of mother and son.
Ria dress had stayed mostly the same but Brent had changed to wearing pants and a linen shirt with a vest instead of his blue wizard robes.
He had a hat made out of straw to cover his head while traveling and give him the look of a farmer.
They were supposedly in town to pick up some supplies for their livestock.
Bowie did his best to stay quiet like a manservant should.
He sat down and bent over his bowl to take a bite when a piece of his hair drooped down to dangle in his bowl.
He hated being dirty and unkempt, but if it kept him alive he would tolerate it a little while longer.
He listened to conversations talking about Deuterium and how there were loud noises coming from the training grounds during the early hours of the morning.
Most speculated something was being built.
Bowie could not think of anything that needed building and he did not want to draw attention by asking about it.
He simply listened and hoped there would be others to chat with in the stables about it.
Brent and Ria both ordered mutton stew and biscuits.
As he listened, they laughed over someone named Ben they had managed to get kicked by one of their horses.
Bowie was still unsure if Ben was real or made up.
He took one of the rolls from his pocket and wiped up the rest of the stew left in the bottom of his bowl.
He carefully fished another copper out of his coin purse.
He soon would have to find a way to make change for the gold inside.
Bowie mulled over the idea of having Auburn do it since she looked the part of a noble daughter or wife.
With the presentation of the copper, the barmaid made her appearance to scoop it up and bring him another ale.
He raised the mug and felt the frothy foam stick to the hairs on his unshaven face.
Yet another inconvenience of having to play the part of a poor manservant.
A finger slid across his shoulder.
He nearly choked at the unexpected touch.
He coughed as he turned around.
Auburn new lacquered nails went back to her waist.
Do not drink anymore.
I have some boots that need cleaned and I do not want you to sick up all over them this time.
Yes, Maam, he said in response.
His response also admitted that the manservant version of himself could not hold his drink.
He had wanted to get really drunk but now he could not.
The barmaid eyed him from behind the counter and nodded to Auburn that she would regulate his drinking.
Bowie knew getting good and drunk was probably the only way he was going to fall asleep in the straw.
He would have to drink it after he cleaned Auburn boots, or whatever she wanted with him for in the room.
He knew it was unlikely that she actually wanted him to polish her boots.
She had to know he would not, even if she tried to make him.
He drank the last couple gulps and wiped his scruff dry on his sleeve.
He hoped she did not keep him long, he wanted to have another couple mugs before finding a spot between their horses.
He winked at the barmaid as he stood and she frowned at him, Not a chance.
Bowie wished he had his hat girls always fell for the hat.
Brent and Ria finished their stew as he made his way to the stairs.
A few more people came to sit down at one of the empty tables and a man with a lute sat down in the corner and plopped his hat upside down on the floor.
Perhaps he would be able to get a dance later before retiring to the stables.
Then he remembered what he looked like and knew he stood no chance at getting a dance.
Four different doors were closed on the second floor.
He started to knock at one before the one behind him opened.
Auburn poked her head out and looked both ways, Get in here.
I want to get to bed and you are standing around in the hallway.
Bowie grumbled and walked into the room.
She promptly shut the door behind him.
She let out a whisper of a squeak and patted her hands together, This is so much fun.
I get to pretend like I am a different person.
All this sneaking around, acting like we do not know each other, and finally getting to wear this dress.
Bowie sat down on the bed, You do realize this is all to keep us alive and is not a game.
Auburn was pacing and glancing out a crack in the door, Of course.
It will not last as long if you do not embrace it.
Oh believe me, I have embraced the fact I have to sleep with the horses tonight.
I have also embraced the fact that I get to fetch everything for you and be at your beckon call.
She stood at the door with her back to him.
It is only for a little while, then you can go back to your fancy coats.
You think we will be done hiding as soon as we rescue Kara.
We will be chased more when we do.
We will not be done hiding and running until King Atmos no longer sits on his throne or we grow wings and fly away.
I have not been able to grow any feathers yet, so I do not see that happening any time soon.
If you get any better with that wind magic, you will be able to fly without feathers and wings, She still had her back turned on him, looking through the door.
What are you looking for.
Just as he said it she turned and grabbed him by the arm.
She started pulling him towards the door, Come on.
She opened the door and he saw the door across the hall open as well.
Brent and Ria stood inside and waved them across.
Quickly, Bowie and Auburn crossed the hallway into the room.
Brent quickly closed the door, Has anyone seen any guards.
He spoke in a whisper as he crossed the room to look out the dirty window.
Bowie sat down on the bed to one side of the room.
Auburn took a seat on the other and started kicking her feet, still excited about the secrecy.
Why are we whispering.
You should just do some of that magic stuff to prevent others from hearing us.
The water wizard backed away from the window, Using magic might alert any watching wielder to our presence.
The kingdom wielders already search for us relentlessly.
Every use of magic will be investigated.
Now, answer my question.
I have not seen any guards in town.
None on the walls either, Bowie waited for the wizards response.
Auburn shook her head that she had not seen any either.
Brent went back to the window, Good, that is at least something.
We will be able to investigate our best avenue to get inside the castle walls with little interruption.
I know a couple inside routes to the cellars.
I think coming up from below to the dungeons is the better than coming through the castle from above.
Auburn nodded her head in agreeance.
Ria stepped away from the door, We will need you both to be ready with a bow if needed.
I assume you will be able to collect items to make your arrows before we enter the castle grounds.
Deuterium is still the next town over.
All I need is a bit of iron to make the arrow heads.
I have the mold and will have to build a fire on the way to melt the iron.
If I can, I will buy some in town, Bowie said.
Brent sat down beside Bowie, No, let me.
They blacksmiths may have been given a description of your face.
I saw a few scattered posters on the way into town.
Let Auburn collect the rest of the items.
Auburn cleared her throat,Wo not people recognise you.
Brent laughed, I did grow up in Deuterium, but I rarely got out of the castle walls, let alone to the next town over.
Most have heard of me, yet they have never seen my face.
I will be less likely spotted than our fletcher here.
Ria sat down next to Auburn, Bowie, I will remind you it is at utmost importance that no one know we are here.
For some reason the king wants you more than the others.
Perhaps it is because of your connection to Kilen and his sister.
Bowie laughed, It could be because I refused him.
I will do my best to stay out of places I do not need to be.
When do we make our attack on Deuterium.
Brent and Ria looked at each other, It will not be an attack.
We were hoping to get in and out without harming anyone.
Bowie laughed as if it were a joke.
Brent continued with an irritated look on his face, Collect your supplies for the arrows.
When you have made enough, travel into Deuterium with Auburn and find the inn that we stayed in when you first arrived.
Do you remember it, Bowie.
I do.
Wo not the guard remember me.
Brent smiled, I think it more likely the wenches would remember you.
The owner is a friend of mine and loyal to the Water Realm and water wizards.
I will arrange for a new guard and workers to be there.
Marcum is the owner and is who you will ask for.
No one else.
To be sure everything is arranged, come in the back and have Auburn fetch us inside.
We will maintain our separate parties to avoid recognition.
I hope that by the time you arrive we will have a more solid plan on getting inside the gates.
Once we get inside there is no reason to take Auburn.
She can stay with our things so we can get out of town quickly.
Bowie said, trying to keep Auburn from performing her normal amount of protective heroics.
No, I will show you the way to the dungeons but it will be up to you two to get Kara out.
I have some things that I need to collect and I must also speak with my brother, Brent said.
Auburn swinging feet froze on the bed, You are not coming with us.
What if we can not handle Kara.
Come now.
I have trained you how to subdue a fire wizard using that ring of yours.
Using that, combined with her knowing Bowie, you should be able to calm her down enough to get her out and on the road.
Ria however, will stay with the horses to help get you on your way.
Bowie spoke again, You are not coming with us to help the Elders either.
I hope that I can convince my brother to come with us.
If I cannot, there is a chance he may imprison me.
No one argued with Brent, so Ria finally spoke up.
If this is all, remember your story and stick to it.
If anyone causes a problem, tell them to come to Auburn with it and we will help deal with them.
We will get the arrow heads and give them to her before we leave.
Make the arrows and be on your way.
Anyone that stays in one area for too long will become suspicious.
We need to keep moving, especially if they are searching inns.
Bowie, you better go get some sleep while you can.
Bowie knew that was his cue and departed the room after Ria looked through a crack to make sure no one would see him leave.
He went directly down the stairs and started through the accumulating crowd.
The musician was quite good any other day and Bowie would have stuck around for a dance or two.
The barmaid smiled as he walked past, he winked again before disappearing out the door.
Once outside, the sounds of the musician were drowned out by the sound of the rain splashing on the roofs and puddles.
Bowie now knew why the inn dining area had been filled so quickly.
Another light summer rain had put a damper on the town.
Bowie pushed the hair out of his eyes, tucking it behind his ears.
He stepped out into the rain from beneath the inn low angled awning.
He walked around the side of the inn and into an alleyway.
The ground here seemed to be more mud than stone pavement.
Bowie cursed as he felt the mud flow through the small hole in his boot.
He really hopped it was mud and not manure, he would never get the stink out of his boots if it was.
Picking his path carefully, he trod through the water filled alley to get to Charger in the stables behind the inn.
His clothes were already soaked so he would need to change before laying down.
At least he would have an excuse for not wearing his jacket in the morning.
The wind picked up unexpectedly so Bowie tried to rush a little faster, hoping to avoid any oncoming downpour.
Before he could take another step, the wind pushed him backwards and he noticed a sphere of wind lowering itself before him.
He immediately reached for the imbued dagger in his belt line, readying himself.
He hoped the shadowy figure inside the rain covered wind bubble was not Mica coming to eliminate him.
Alexander smiled and maintained his umbrella of wind keeping himself dry, My boy, that is not a good look for you.
I almost did not recognize you.
I am glad I checked the stables for your horse, otherwise I could have passed you on the street without knowing the difference.
Seeing the face behind the screen of wind whisking water away from his body, Bowie eased his grip on the knife behind his back.
You should not sneak up on people in dark alleys, Alexander.
Oh right.
You are a war hero now.
He took a step closer and winked, To deadly for a wind wizard to approach, it seems.
Alexander muttered something under his breath and walked away from Bowie.
Bowie followed him into the stables where Alexander started to brush down Charger.
You know I love to ride horses, but never seem to have time to do so.
Bowie ignored his comment, Ria says we should not use magic because it could draw attention.
That is why I have stopped wielding.
He turned to Bowie, Where are you going, Master Crescent.
I was coming here to get a change of clothes and some sleep, Bowie retorted.
That is not the question I am asking.
Where are you and your friends going.
Bowie checked the stall to see if anyone else had taken up a bed in the same place as him tonight.
When he was sure no one was in the stable he came close to Alexander and spoke at a whisper, We are going to Deuterium.
We are going to get Kara out of the dungeon so Kilen does not attempt it himself.
Very good, Master Crescent.
This is what Id hoped you would try and accomplish.
I will inform him of your loyalty if I see him before you.
Where will you take his sister.
We will be seeking out the Elder Wizards to aid in their search for the soul wizard.
I was hoping our path would cross with Kilen.
Bowie started searching through his bag he had set aside.
He pulled out a black jacket with deep green embellishes and then immediately stuffed it back in after pulling out a grease stain covered wool shirt.
Alexander stopped brushing the horse, I am sure your paths will cross when they are destined to.
I will take a walk through the city before using anymore magic so as not to upset Ria.
I wish you luck in your journey, Master Crescent.
I will wait for your arrival back in the Water Realm.
The Water Realm.
Is that where the Elders are going.
Bowie said as Alexander stepped out into the rain.
Alexander turned to face him, finally getting his robes wet in the rain.
Bowie was unsure if the wizard would be able to fly with his garments laden with water.
I cannot speak of where or what the Elders are about, but that would be a good place to start looking.
He winked at Bowie before he walked away back into the dark alley.
Chapter Upbringings The day had gone almost exactly according to the plan the wizards had set, despite Bowie doubts.
He woke with a small kink in his neck and his skin itched furiously from where the hay had manage to poke through his moth eaten blanket.
When he sat up, Auburn and the barmaid were hard at work making arrows just outside the stables.
After a better breakfast than he had received since arriving, they departed for Deuterium, only a couple hours ride from the outlying town.
Auburn had not said much for most of the ride, she just smiled to herself and giggled every once and awhile.
Bowie pulled an arrow from the quivers hidden inside rolled blankets on Charger.
Auburn had truly perfected what he had taught her.
In some ways her arrow crafting had superseded his own.
Bowie accounted it to her tiny fingers.
The string woven into the arrow fletchings were woven tight and uniform in distance.
Then they were covered with the thinnest layer of wax to prevent moisture damage.
How did you get the barmaid to help make the arrows.
Bowie asked.
Auburn seemed to come out of her trance and glanced back at Bowie from where she rode a horse length in front of him.
I told her Jarrad story.
Bowie, lifting an eyebrow, What was Jarrad story.
Jarrad was the name they had taken to calling Bowie since leaving King Atmos.
She smiled and let her horse slow to walk beside Charger, I told her that Jarrad was my best friend growing up.
I told her that after I had been wedded to my older, richer betrothed, Jarrad never stopped being my friend.
Jarrad does not seem too special.
I do not see why you would get any help from a bar maid.
She laughed, Well, that is not what got the extra attention.
I also told her that one night my husband, while drunk, started to beat me.
Jarrad heard my screams for mercy and came to my rescue, killing my betrothed.
I told her we were running away from that life where the townspeople would have hung you for murder if we had not fled.
I told her that Jarrad refused to marry me because of his guilt for sentencing us to a life of traveling.
So because I saved you from this make believe husband, she made me a good breakfast, and helped you with my labor.
Auburn laughed, She said she would have married you if I had not said I still wanted too.
She continued to laugh.
Bowie felt as though his wool shirt had suddenly become too hot.
I see what you are thinking, do not get any misconceptions.
The story was all apart of farce to get her to be your friend.
Do not think that I will be whisking you away to a noble to marry us, Auburn said.
Bowie grunted in response instead of letting her twist whatever words would come out of his mouth, We need to pick up the pace if we are to get out of Deuterium tonight.
He spurred Charger to take the lead, turning his head just enough so he could make sure she was keeping pace.
Bowie was never sure of Auburn intentions for being with him.
She had put her life on the line for him, slept in his bed, and given up her life in her hometown to help save his friend.
On the other hand, she had repeatedly told him that she wanted nothing to do with having a relationship.
Bowie was not even sure himself if he wanted a relationship with the woman.
He knew one thing was for sure if she continued to be around him, he was just going to get more confused.
It did not seem to take long for them to finish their ride to the outskirts of town.
Bowie stepped off his horse and lead Charger and Auburn horse by the reigns.
He kept his head down to avoid notice.
Auburn greeted everyone she came across in an attempt to take their eyes off of him.
When they arrived at the inn, Bowie had not seen one guard.
If they were to be successful in freeing Kara, this was as good of a sign as any.
The innkeeper was of little help only telling them that the couple they were looking for said they wanted to meet in the market.
Bowie nodded his head and tossed the man a silver crown for his trouble.
Bowie helped Auburn to quickly re mount her horse.
He was now on edge since they were not admitted to the inn.
Either things with Brent and Ria had gone well or very very wrong.
Bowie led Auburn down the less popular alleys of the city, often going out of his way to avoid the eyes of too many people.
He knew the market would have a few guards, but it was also the busiest place in the city.
He had found many people trying to steal items and vendors cheating customers.
Outside the market Ria sat on the seat of a wagon full of hay.
The front of the wagon had two horses ready to pull it and four others tied to the pole on the side.
She held up a sign said that she had horses for sale and listed her price.
The price was twice what any normal person would charge.
He laughed because he knew anyone wise would not approach her to inquire about buying one.
She just needed a reason to be sitting just outside the market so she would not be questioned.
Bowie and Auburn rode their horses up and tied them next to the others.
Auburn made her way to the back of the wagon.
Ria spoke, Your brother is in there trying to get us a new rug.
You take Jarrad and go and find him.
No dawdling.
I mean it this time, get in there, fetch him and get out.
We do not need to spend anymore money.
I have to already charge more than these horses are worth.
A man started looking over Charger then overheard her and walked away.
Auburn eyebrows were furrowed in confusion, clearly not catching on to Ria changing their stories.
Bowie waved Auburn to continue walking.
Your brother the farmer, remember.
Emerald, did you have to much to drink again.
Bowie asked Auburn, smiling.
Auburn did not utter a response and Bowie followed her into the throng of people shopping.
The ground was still thick with mud from the last couple days of heavy rain.
People sloshed through the market, trying to take advantage of the sunlight to get their supplies.
The day was warm and sticky with moisture.
Auburn picked her skirt off the ground and chose her steps carefully, tiptoeing through the heavy muck so it would not get muddy.
Bowie laughed under his breath at the awkwardness of her steps.
He had to pull Auburn by the shoulder when a man was shouting to them amongst the people.
Mlady Emerald, the man is calling for you.
I believe your brother is there, Bowie said pointing to a man selling tapestries.
She smiled back at him, Yes, or course.
Thank you, Jarrad.
She watched her step as she moved through the rain soaked ground and into a throng of carpets.
Near the back there were cloth artwork hanging from poles displaying hunting scenes or heroes of legend Tilrick the Warlord carrying his giant hammer, and Balran apprentice to Heathmos, Temprest Companion to the Brights.
Hidden amongst the tapestries was a napping wizard.
He had tucked himself as close as he could to the stone wall that divided the kings training grounds and market.
The wall had no doors to connect the two directly so all the soldiers in the past had to walk around the wall through most of the city in order to visit the market place.
Brent was easily woken by the light of the sun when the tapestry was pulled away from the wall.
Doing so not only revealed Brent, but also a small wooden door half the size of a man.
Ah about time you two showed up, Brent said as he pulled a small key from his pocket and unlocked the wooden door.
Behind the door stood a stone wall blocking their way.
Bowie first thought Brent received some bad information on how to enter the castle, but Brent stood staring back at the two and waited.
Go ahead, He said.
Go ahead where.
There is a blasted stone wall behind the door, Bowie replied as if he was the only one that saw the wall.
Digging the bows from underneath the skirt of her dress, Auburn shoved them into Bowie chest.
You have been a wielder a lot longer than me and you still do not understand.
Bowie scratched his head still confused.
Get out of the way, Master Crescent.
Her voice dripped of sarcasm as she called him by the name, master.
Auburn stepped up to the stone wall and closed her eyes.
Soon the stone melted away much like a candle placed too close to a hearth.
Can we stop messing around now and go get this girl.
Bowie, clearly impressed, nodded.
Brent picked up a leather satchel from the ground.
Here you are, Auburn.
I think you may be more comfortable in this.
You should go inside and change.
I do not know when we will have the opportunity to do it next and a purple dress like that will stand out in any crowd.
She took a look inside the satchel and gave Brent a nod.
He let the tapestry fall in front of the small doorway she had opened.
Brent then turned his attention to Bowie.
When we are inside remember to do your best not to harm anyone.
If you can, get in and out without being noticed.
Bowie just stood there holding the bow and quivers in his hands, listening.
Brent is eyes had a sense of urgency to them.
Go on, string those weapons and get ready to go.
You will not get another chance.
I will take you as far as the hallway leading down to the dungeons.
Find where they are keeping Kara and get her out of here.
I will head to the wizard quarters to collect a few things.
Hopefully, I will follow shortly after and meet up with you and Ria.
Auburn stepped out from behind the scene, still tucking in her linen shirt.
Taking the quiver from Bowie, she slung it over her shoulder and stretched her bow.
In a natural motion, she pulled an arrow free of its leather confines and knocked into place.
One finger holding the arrow in place, she met the men eyes.
I heard everything.
Are we going to stand here all day or would you two like to dice a bit.
Bowie put the chainger for his dagger into its proper place and copied Auburn one handed carry of the bow.
Thank you both for helping me, He whispered.
Auburn rolled her eyes, Do not go getting sappy.
Brent laughed as he ducked to get through the stone doorway.
Inside there was a small room with a spiral staircase leading down into a pitch black hole.
Brent clacked a stone against flint and soon a torch was lightning the way.
I have been in these tunnels a time or two, but have never been in this exact one.
My brother use to find ways in and out of the castle and this is one he often took to shorten the time it took to do his chores in the market.
He told me about the passages and said there were some places only water wizards could go.
At the bottom of the staircase was a narrow hallway with a thin layer of water covering the ground.
All three of them had to duck to avoid hitting their head on the ceiling.
The smoke clinging to the ceiling stung Bowie eyes as it crawled along trying to escape.
Where will we come out.
He asked.
Brent continued down the hallway and stopped at a smooth stone inset into the wall.
There was a small staircase leading up.
I am not exactly sure.
These stones here have a code that tells you which direction to go.
I am certain that I will be able to find a more familiar corridor once we get closer to the castle.
This particular hallway seems to lead us along the castle wall or at least directly underneath it.
Bowie coughed from the smoke, So we could come up underneath the guard gate.
Oh I am sure we will meet up with the guard gate, but it is highly unlikely that this tunnel opens to where they have access.
They probably do not even know of these tunnels.
The only reason my brother and I do is because of our father these tunnels are a secret passed down by the Wizard Advisor to their successor.
The three continued in silence working their way along the long corridor.
Brent checked each smooth marking stone, trying to identify their location under the castle.
Twice he stopped to hold up his finger so Auburn and Bowie would attempt to be quiet.
In the silence Bowie could hear the voices of people above him.
As they traveled the corridor the voices from above came more often.
Brent only stopped to remind the Bowie and Auburn to be quiet, even though no one had said anything.
They passed several corridors after Brent had inspected the direction stones.
Finally, the ground began to slope at a large incline.
The ceiling, however, did not the further they walked the lower the ceiling got.
Another opening into a small chamber could be found towards the back, covered in spider webs.
Bowie attempted to stretch after squeezing through an opening that stood only the height of a man knee.
The small room smelled thick with mold accompanied by the sound of dripping water echoing from the tunnel they had just come from.
Bowie was left squatting inside the tunnel while Auburn and Brent stood with chests touching at an stone archway.
Once again, Auburn melted the stone away and moved inside.
The room behind the archway was as small as the one they had left and contained a few brooms with a mop and bucket.
This room was one that many in the castle would pass day in and day out without anyone taking notice of the tunnels that lay behind.
Bowie smiled at the ingenuousness of the tunnel and wished he had some in Humbridge.
Popping out of broom closets with connected tunnels would have made his childhood mischief much more memorable and possibly successful.
Movement in the hallway brought Brent is finger to his mouth, once again to signal the others.
Bowie held his breath as they waited for the footsteps to disappear down the hallway.
If I am correct, we are close to the entrance to the castle from the training grounds.
To get to the dungeons you will need to travel through this hallway to the black door in the third corridor on our left.
The door has black cast iron hinges.
It is painted with tar to seal the door shut from hearing the voices on the other side.
You will know it when you see it.
Bowie whispered, How many guards are there inside the dungeon.
There no way of telling.
They change the guard down there often and there are more during the captive wizard meal times.
I would say as little as two guards and as many as twenty wielders at a time.
Auburn and Brent both shushed him in a panick.
Everyone listened for a moment to see if anyone heard the shout.
Twenty.
You should be going with us if there is going to be twenty wielders in the dungeon, Bowie said yelling at a whisper.
Brent raised an eyebrow, We are not changing the plan now.
Besides, I believe you were about to take on thousands of men during battle.
Twenty wielders confined to a small hallway, unaware and surprised, should be no match for you.
I have other matters to attend to, archer.
These other matters, are they so important that you are willing to risk this mission failing.
Bowie retorted.
Brent took a moment to listen at the door before answering, although Bowie thought it was just to buy him some time to find an excuse.
Master Crescent, like Ria, I have been imbuing beads with the element of water for years.
I have them hidden in my room for emergencies worthy of revealing my true power.
If we are to face this soul wizard, we will need every imbuement, wizard, and warrior we can call upon.
He turned to face Bowie in the small room, his face shadowed by the moving light of the torch.
You will do as you promised and save the girl.
I will meet you later.
Now, third corridor on your left, black door.
He thrust the torch into the bucket of water, plunging them into darkness and splashing them with water.
The light spilled into the closet as Brent stepped out into the hallway.
He nodded to the others and crossed the hallway to a staircase leading him towards the wizards quarters.
Brent found very few servants in the hallways.
He knew it was probably because of the lack of nobles in the castle.
Most of them had followed King Atmos to the battle, taking their soldiers to fight with them.
In a month time, these hallways would be busy with servants fetching wine and food for nobles abusing their station to take whatever they could from the king.
Twice, Brent had to duck into a empty room to avoid the sight of a servant performing their tasks.
He found it relatively easy to pass through the castle unnoticed.
He hoped that Bowie and Auburn were having the same amount of ease on their task.
He knew that if the nobles quarters were almost empty, the wizards quarters would be even more so.
Brent saw a mouse scurry down the wall to a crack in which it disappeared.
He would have normally exterminated the rodent but not now if he wanted to remain unnoticed.
He found the key in the pocket amongst the folds of his robes and slid it into the lock of his door.
Sand spilt out of the lock and made it hard to turn.
When he tried to free the key it would not budge.
He knew Brandon would know he was there the sand was a trap, an alarm of sorts that alerted the wizard when it was tampered with.
Brent had done the same with puddles or basins of water in the past.
He quickly entered his room and moved to the hearth on the far wall.
Using the poker for the fire, he scraped the mortar holding the stones in place.
Behind the stone buried in sand was a small pile of imbuements he was racing to retrieve.
Any earth wizard looking for imbuements would only see the beads as rocks in the mortar.
The scraping of the stones hurt his hands so he pulled the imbued knife his brother had given him and used the increased strength to dig faster.
Finally, he was able to pull the stone free of its place, but heard the door squeak behind him.
Opening a small leather pouch from his robe, he brushed the sand and imbuements in without looking back.
Using the water vision, he watched a figure enter the room.
Soon the water vision details made out his brother features.
He turned slowly to face him.
Brandon spoke, I was wondering when you would come for those.
You are wise for making those, following father advice on at least one thing.
I follow his advice in more than you know, Brandon.
I am glad I have a chance to speak with you.
Do you know of the soul wizard.
I do know.
Brandon sat down in the cushioned chair next to the bed.
Brent thought he looked very relaxed.
Are you going to offer aid to the Elders, or is this simply a rescue mission.
Brandon asked.
Brent moved to the wardrobe where he placed several books of importance concerning soul wizards and the Dark Army.
For me, it is simply to gather resources to fight the soul wizard and the next dark army.
For others, it is a rescue mission.
Have you set a trap in the dungeons for those that try to rescue Kara.
The archer should have found the dungeon by now.
If his brother were to sound the alarm now, it would only alert Bowie that they had been discovered.
The struggle would commence whether or not his brother sent men to protect the dungeon.
Brent had time to try and convince his brother to join them.
His brother sat relaxed and made no move to stop or hinder Brent in any way.
Brent moved to a seat at a small breakfast table opposite Brandon.
Brent would sit and try and delay any alarm while he could.
Why would I put a trap in the dungeons.
Kara is in the room next door.
She has been living with Twilix in the castle for weeks now, Brandon said.
Brent was taken back by the statement.
Brandon had always been a better strategist than him.
Brandon plots and schemes far outweighed his own.
Before Brent could answer he had to think over the possible schemes he was facing, now written on his brother face.
Was it possible that Brandon was lying, or even worse, telling the truth.
For all Brent knew there could be an ambush of wielders ready to take him into custody in the room next door.
Do not be offended if I do not trust your word.
Why are we sitting.
Should not you be taking me into custody.
Brent asked.
By the king word, I should be.
Kara should also still be confined in the dungeons, but I have yet to fulfil my job on such matters as an advisor.
I would need to speak with the king face to face for that to happen.
There was a long silence with the two skinny brothers trying to peel back layers of deception from one another faces.
Enough games, Brent.
You are my brother and I wish to come clean.
I admit I was wrong about Kilen.
I helped condemn him to a life of dodging assassins and hiding, but no longer.
The king wishes him dead.
When he returns I will advise against it.
I will also advise that we seek to aid the Elders.
Why.
You know as well as I that as soon as he returns, he will kill me and Kara to get to Kilen.
You know that you will have no power to sway his mind because he would appoint another to be his advisor and name you a traitor like the rest of us.
That is why you are not staying.
Take Twilix, Kara and all the imbuements you can gather.
Run and fight the battle.
I will do my job, the job our father meant for me to do.
You are letting us go.
Brent was confused and still pessimistic of his brothers willingness to free him.
He knew it was probably some sort of a trap or political game.
Yes.
Our father and my predecessor gave me specific instructions not to let Atmos destroy this realm.
He will not stop to destroy Kilen and in doing so, destroy the kingdom.
I will do my best prevent it from this point on.
Atmos has contradicted the actions of a king and disregarded my council along with our father for years.
Either his ignorance will end or my life will.
You could come with us, Brent said, still trying to draw out any sign of a trap.
I must stay, for the realm.
Brent gave Brandon a nod of his head.
Brandon smiled and clasped his hands together as he stood.
Let me fetch Twilix and Kara so you can be on your way.
The longer you stay, the more likely your presence will be discovered.
He stopped short of the door and turned around, I will ask you to do me a favor.
Subdue the guards that will prevent Kara from leaving.
If you do it, I will be able to feign my loyalty for a time.
It may give me the time to change Atmos mind.
He disappeared behind the door and Brent spoke too late to be heard, Thank you.
They never had a relationship that most brothers would have.
Brandon was much older and trained from birth to be a king advisor.
He spent most of his time practicing politics, reading history of the noble lines, and dining with nobles and wizards from across the realms.
Brent, on the other hand, was trained by any wizard that would teach him, or by the books that he read.
He was left to wander and given every resource to find his own path.
His father told him he was trained to be a rogue wizard.
A wizard that wandered from town to town only subject to his own whims.
He was trained to be free, just as his brother was trained to be a servant to the throne.
His father had always claimed that they would need each other one day.
Brent was unsure if this was that day.
Brent saw an extra satchel under the bed and scooped it up to put the books inside.
He was busy stuffing the bag when he saw two shadows walking down the hall.
The figures were adult sized, not child sized as Twilix and Kara would be.
Dropping the bag, he seized as much of the water magic and earth magic as he could muster.
Quickly, he pulled free the leather bindings holding the imbued beads in the bag.
He watched as two women rounded the corner into the room.
His brother had tricked him once again and did not have the stomach to face him in a fight.
He poured the sand, mortar, and imbuements from the bag into his hand.
The sand and mortar slipped through his fingers, leaving the imbuements behind.
Each time one of the imbuements touched his flesh he felt his hold on the magic grow stronger.
He gathered water from the window as the blonde headed woman had a look of shock as her eyes met his.
Yes, be afraid I am a very powerful wizard, he thought to himself.
Instead of preparing to fight or even trying struggle over control of the magic, she turned to the dark haired woman behind her.
Shut the door.
The dark haired woman checked the hallway before closing the door.
Brent, it is so good to see you well.
I am very happy you have not been taken captive.
Do you know where Kilen is.
The woman asked.
If I did know where Kilen was, I would not tell you.
Brent clutched his brothers imbued knife in one hand and the imbuements in the other, poising himself to fight.
The girls both seemed calm like they had done this before, the blond even giggled.
I am so sorry, Brent.
I forgot we look different now.
She took a step closer but Brent took a step back and felt his left foot come in contact with the stone wall behind him.
It is me, Twilix.
Brent took a moment in the woman silence to carefully take in her features.
The face truly was that of a grown Twilix.
A face he had spent many hours training with, he did not think she would so easily be disguised by age.
I see you now, you have aged well.
Who is this.
He pointed at the dark haired woman with his knife.
She, I do not think you would recognise.
Id like you to meet Wizard of Flame, Kara Everheart.
She is Kilen sister, aged and in control.
She put forth great effort to keep me alive while I aged.
So much effort that it triggered her own aging.
Twilix held out a hand and the dark haired female stepped forward so Brent could take her in full view.
He glanced between the two wizards, still trying to discern if it was a trap.
He knew that no matter the outcome of the situation, he would have to be leaving the castle soon.
I am here to take you out of the castle and set you free so you can free your brother of his binds and guilt.
He looked Twilix in the eye, Twilix, a new soul wizard has risen.
She picked up the hem of her skirt, Well, we have no time to lose then.
C amon Kara, let us go and gather our things.
Brent, will you meet us next door.
He still was a little unnerved from all that transpired in a short amount of time.
Then he remembered Bowie and Auburn were searching the dungeon for Kara where they would never find her.
Alarm bells began to sound in the courtyard below.
Apparently the archer presence had been discovered.
Quickly, he snatched the last two books and went to the closed door.
Pushing his use of water magic through the keyhole, he could see four wielders now guarding Twilix door.
These must have been the wielders meant to guard Twilix and Kara.
Brandon had requested he deal with them before departing.
Hed hoped to get them by surprise but the opportunity had now passed.
Wanting to alert Twilix so they could form a plan, he ran to his window and pulled open the shutters.
The humid summer day heat struck him in the face as he leaned out the window.
Her window was shut and he was sure there was no way for her to hear him over the alarm bells ringing far below.
He wished there was a secret passage or ledge for him to cross into her room.
Wishing for a ledge formed a plan in his mind.
Gathering water as he crossed the room, a small ledge of ice started to form on the exterior wall providing the path he needed to cross to Twilix room.
The ledge would not last long in the heat, but he would not stay for long either.
After pounding on the window, Twilix threw it open in a surprise and waved him inside while looking to the court yard for the reason of the sounding bells.
Are there more here.
Twilix said in a hurry.
Bowie is here with another wielder searching the dungeons for Kara, Brent whispered, moving quickly to the door.
The wardrobe had been thrown open and Kara was furiously packing clothes into bags.
Kara pulled on Brent is shoulder so he faced her.
Bowie came to rescue me.
Brent nodded and Kara cheeks turned red as she smiled.
Her packing slowed only a moment as if she was lost in thought.
We need to get out of here.
Brandon asked me to deal with these wielders so he would not have to.
Brent pointed to the door.
Perhaps if we make our way to the dungeons we will be able to find Bowie and get out of here.
Twilix pushed past Kara who seemed to be staring off into nothing at the floor.
No.
We go to where the guards are going and hope we can get there before they are captured or killed.
Throwing back the blue cloak she now wore over her shoulders, she kicked open the door while freezing a ball of ice in the air.
The guards, not expecting an attack, were quickly dispatched by what seemed to be a ricocheting chunk of ice.
Each man slumped as the ice smashed into their unprotected skulls.
Brent followed her out, I was supposed to dispatch them.
Staring at their unconscious bodies, she gave them some healing so they would not die from the injuries, Even with your imbuements you are no match for me.
Save your strength.
We may need it in the end.
Brent and Kara struggled to carry the bags as they kept pace with Twilix stomping down the hall.
She only stopped long enough to listen for any movement at the intersections of the castle.
Twice Auburn opened the door and each time a servant turned down the hallway.
One stopped at the small broom closet and tapped on the door gently, Hello.
A girls voice asked.
Quickly, Auburn pushed herself against Bowie and kissed him.
He tried to push back but her imbued strength did not let him get far.
She thrust her bow to the far side of his body hiding them.
The door opened and immediately shut again, Sorry, The voice said.
Auburn released him and stepped back.
They both heard a giggle as the servant continued on about their day, thinking secret lovers had found a place to hide.
Bowie wiped his face and felt the scruff snagg on his linen shirt.
Auburn rubbed her own face, Yeah, you should probably shave that off.
You are the one who said I should not shave, He said frustrated.
Shhh, I think I hear another coming, She waited a few moments.
I guess not.
Let is go.
They moved out into the hallway and quickly found their way to the black door.
Auburn kept looking over her shoulder as she tiptoed down the hallway, ready to release her arrows at a moment is notice.
Bowie tried the latch but it was locked from the inside.
Stand back, She said as she handed him her bow.
You can not break it down, it would cause too much noise.
She rolled her eyes at him and gently knocked on the door.
What is the kitchen masters name.
She asked him before the knock was answered Master Harvel.
he said in response, still confused.
I swear, you would get nowhere without me.
A guard slid open a small window and peered out at Auburn who stood close to the door.
Master Harvel sent me to collect dishes.
Am I in the right place.
She asked.
Without a response the window slid shut with a clang.
They could hear keys on the inside starting to rattle in the lock.
They both raised their arrows as the door swung open.
The guard was looking the other way, shouting into the hallway, Serving wench in to collect dishes.
When he turned back around, his eyes went wide with surprise.
The man attempted to close the door back pulling with both hands.
Bowie planted his strength imbued foot by the door preventing it from closing.
Say a word and my finger slips off the string, Bowie added at a whisper.
The guard nodded and backed away from the door, dropping the keys.
Auburn made quick work shutting the door and rattling the keys into the lock.
Still holding the arrow tip at the man forehead, he gave commands, Take his weapons.
Auburn unclasped his sword belt and pulled a knife from his waist and strapped them onto Bowie.
How many others.
Two, the guard answered back without hesitation.
Good, take me to the young female fire wizard.
Her name is Kara Everheart.
The guard licked his lips, She is not here.
A second guard opened the door on the other side of the room, stepping out of a dark hallway lit with torches.
He started to pull his sword and the first guard jumped to the side, away from Bowie bow.
Unprepared for Auburn strength, they ignored her to rush Bowie with the first guard pulling the knife from the seconds belt.
Auburn kicked the first in the side, sending him crashing into the second.
Both men went tumbling to the ground.
Bowie took control of his wind magic and slammed the inner door shut and again pointed his weapon at the two men struggling to get to their feet in their heavy armor.
Auburn put a foot in one back, Stay down.
She snatched the blade from the second one hand like a rattle from a baby.
Sargent Crescent, Master Crescent I mean Bowie Crescent.
I know who you are, One of the guards said with Auburn leather boot in his back.
Good, then tell me where she is, the fire wizard, Kara He said, nodding to Auburn to let him up.
The fire wizard has not been down here for weeks.
She gained control of her anger and has been training with Wizard Twilix.
They never leave each other side.
Bowie looked at Auburn, wondering if they were telling the truth.
Auburn was unsure what to do so she hefted her bow and went to searching scrolls on a nearby table.
The scrolls detailed their occupants what angered them and what calmed them down, food preferences, clothing sizes, and names of family members.
Auburn brought one over that had Kara name on it and showed it was crossed out.
She had been in cell number eight.
Cell eight, Auburn said outloud.
The inner door leading to the tunnels opened again and the third guard stepped halfway into the room.
He acted quicker than the others and shut the door as he disappeared back into the tunnel.
Bloody hell.
Bowie ran for the door and thrust it open just in time to see the man tug on the rope running along the tunnel ceiling.
Alarm bells started to ring in the floors above the dungeon.
Without thinking, Bowie launched an arrow striking the man shoulder and sending him to the floor in a scream of pain.
They were already too late.
The rest of the castle guards would be on them before they knew it.
Keys.
He shouted.
Auburn threw Bowie the keys and he ran down the hallway finding a room marked with a cast iron figure eight pinned to the door.
Kara, it is me Bowie.
I am coming in.
He opened the door to the dark cell unable to make out its contents.
Pulling the torch from the wall, he held it into the room so that he could see.
The empty cell was black with only a metal bed hanging by half melted chains.
He had imagined a depressing cell, but this was beyond what he had been able to conjure in his mind.
Bowie ran back up to the small guard room and found Auburn pushing the small table in front of the door.
The door opened a couple inches before she slammed her strength imbued body against it, shutting it once again in defiance of the guards on the other side.
Bowie joined her in her struggle to keep the door shut and managed to put his key into the lock and turn the tumbler.
The guards got to their feet but they were unarmed and knew they did not have the strength to beat either of their captors.
Auburn, hurry, go get the injured guards weapons and help him up here.
She did as she was ordered, disappearing into the dimly lit tunnel of cells.
Bowie faced the two captured guards, Is there another way out of here.
One way in and one way out, Master Crescent, The second guard replied as he clutched his ribs where Auburn had planted her foot.
A loud crash followed by yelling could be heard outside the door.
Auburn came back into the room and looked up at the noise on the other side of the door.
We better figure something out fast, She said putting the third guard near the others.
Bowie looked at the key ring still in his hand and back at the guards.
He smiled a mischievous smile.
Snatching up the scroll, he opened the door to the tunnels.
I would get behind the door Auburn, it is about to get hot in here.
Moving down the tunnel, he called out to each of the captured wizards confined inside.
He unlocked their doors as he spoke, Today is your lucky day.
I am breaking you guys out.
We only have one chance at this so if you have ANY control over your anger, the time to use it is now.
In a moment there will be a whole castle guard coming through the door.
Work together to free us and free yourselves.
Bowie waved Auburn down the hallway, If you gaurds want to live, I would get into this cell.
From the small guard room, the two guards hurried to help the third one into cell eight.
Bowie watched as the imprisoned wielders hesitantly peeked out their doors.
Bowie waved Auburn inside after the guards and grabbed a second torch off the wall.
He handed the torches to her and watched one of the cell doors slowly swing open.
A man a head and a half taller than him stepped into the hallway.
He was shirtless and his black hair hung past his shoulders.
His beard nearly matched the length of his hair.
He faced Bowie with liquid flames dripping from the unkempt hair, clenching fists at his side.
More wizards stepped into the hallway upon seeing his confidence.
Bowie took the dungeons key from the ring and tossed it to him.
He nodded in return and Bowie slowly closed himself into Kara old cell.
He turned the cell key, locking them inside.
The thick door blocked most of the sounds on the other side.
He could hear voices but not what was being said, much like in the tunnels.
Bowie moved to the injured guard and gripped the arrow tight in his hand.
He looked at Auburn, You ready to practice your healing.
What.
Now.
She said, scrambling to hand the torch to one of the other guards whose eyes were wide with shock.
Yes, now.
I do not know how long we will be down here and this man could die if untreated.
I am not here to kill men that are just following orders.
Now, get ready.
He pulled the sheath from one of the daggers and shoved it into the guard mouth.
You will probably need to bite down on this.
He gripped the arrow shaft sticking from the man shoulder and yanked the arrow free.
Twilix stomped through the hallways, crashing ice into any guard that stood in her way.
She did not distinguish them from friend or foe.
If they had a weapon in their hands, they were soon unconscious.
The closer they came to the dungeons, the more encounters she had.
Twilix heard an officer shouting from around the corner leading to the dungeons.
She held up a hand for Kara and Brent to wait.
She coolly turned the corner to find a high ranking officer hiding behind a charred table.
He made eye contact with her and visibly relaxed, Oh thank the Brights.
Ready the attack, Twilix is here.
He shouted to men standing in various protective locations in the hallway.
What is going on here.
She asked, still holding her ball of ice at shoulder height.
Someone has managed to break into the fire wizard cells and let them free.
We are trying to contain them.
Perhaps you can help us bring them back.
Twilix did not flinch when bouncing the sphere of ice off of every guard in the hallway.
The soldiers of the Earth Realm were defenseless against the onslaught of the fire wizards trying to break free.
Back around the corner she motioned Brent and Kara to follow her and in soft soled shoes, stepped lightly around the mass of unconscious armored soldiers lining the hallway.
Kara, would you mind shielding us.
Do not attack those in the dungeon, just shield us.
Kara nodded and walked to the dungeon door stopping short of the doorway.
Twilix looked at Kara worriedly examining the cast iron door.
Kara, you do not have to go in.
I was simply wanting a shield.
Kara did not take her eyes from the door but nodded her head.
Twilix called out in a sweet voice to the door.
The hallway has been pacified.
You may come out.
I will warn you that should you try and harm anyone in this hallway, I will make swift work of your life.
Come out and go on your way.
Smoke tendrils still poured out of the crest of the doorway into the hall.
The silence had taken over when soldiers and wielders shouted only moments before.
Twilix voice was like a knife cutting the tension, Did you hear me.
We did, A male voice called back.
The door opened halfway and a small creature walked out.
The creature was made of flames and was hard to determine its true shape but to Twilix it looked much like a cat.
It turned in the hallway and Kara backed away as its gaze fixated on her.
The tiny creature mouth opened emitting the man voice, It is you.
They have come in search of you and you came back to where they torture you.
In a puff of smoke, the flames disappeared along with the form of the cat.
A large man with long hair and a beard walked out from the room, clutching a key as if it were a sword.
You know me.
Kara asked.
We have all seen you before.
More wizards stepped out into the hallway.
The wizards were unkempt and unshaven.
Most wore the leather straps she had been reduced to wearing upon her waking in the same dungeon.
You have inspired most of us to gain control of our flames.
It was not a short time ago we all saw you come in and not long after, leave us again.
We need you to teach us how to control our magic, The man said.
Brent stepped forward, NO, no.
We are on a quest to stop a soul wizard.
There is no way we can take the time to teach fire wizards to control their magic.
He turned to face the brute of a man starting to catch fire, I wish you no harm, but we must traverse a land that is kindling to those who cannot control the flame.
You will kill us all.
Twilix put a hand on his shoulder, We will need their help to take on this soul wizard.
Besides, I believe she can teach them.
You know as well as I that their family has a knack for the extraordinary.
I have to take them with me.
I cannot leave them behind, not to suffer the fate of those cells.
Kara turned to Brent with tears in her eyes, Please.
Let them come.
Brent clenched his jaw and looked at the man before him giving in, You keep yourselves under control.
You will sleep away from me.
Now, where is the archer.
Brent pushed past the gathering wizards and into the dungeon to fetch Bowie.
Chapter Darkness The Water Realm was made of familiar land and Kilen felt like he had come home the moment he broke free of the trees.
Rolling plains of grassland with streams and small bodies of water stretched as far as the eye could see.
Max ran day and night to get him here in the shortest time possible.
They had to sometimes back track to avoid small towns or riders on the roads.
Most of the time no one would be seen for leagues on end.
The ride had only shortened by a day from his first trip from Gulrich with Brent, and they still had sunlight to spare.
Smoke from the many fire pits of Keepers lay on the road ahead.
He hoped that all would be well once he spoke to Leroy father, the former kitchen master of the last Water Realm King.
Kilen needed to find a new king and who better to talk to then the man who had prepared the noble food.
He smiled at the thought of seeing Leroy again.
An hour before, the Crying Man inside his head had stopped his continuous sob.
Kilen refused to say anything about the lack of crying in his head to the others, lest it bring forth another couple weeks of screaming.
He also thought it wise to avoid thinking about King Atmos as to not upset the man in his head.
Just thinking of the king name brought a forth the mental image of him and caused the man to let out a wail.
Kilen tried to ignore the man by focusing on what part of Lake Leviathan had come into view.
Joahna landed on his shoulder as Kilen filled his water skin in a clear stream.
The Earth Realm army is up ahead.
Kilen stood, letting the water drain out of his water skin, Where.
They have taken camp outside of Keepers.
I listened to them discreetly.
The scouts that travel the area are looking for you, Bowie, and a few others.
They are to kill you on sight,Joahna said.
Max stomped the ground with one of his front hooves, It is nothing we did not expect.
Joahna answered back, We did not expect them to get in front of us.
Either way, they are here now.
We took too long getting around the mountains and traversing the Earth Realm.
Is there anyway into Keepers without their notice.
Max asked.
A strong wind rustled the waist high grass, reminding them Jace was still there.
Leroy and Izabel have a cabin.
He should go there.
If anyone can get us inside Keepers, it would be Leroy.
Joahna bobbed his birdlike head, It is a good to start.
Perhaps he knows of a way that we cannot see.
Besides, he will be able to tell us what else is going on.
Kilen squatted back down and started to fill his water skin once again.
It is agreed.
We need to find a safe path past all the scouts.
Jace left in the wind and Joahna echod his departure taking flight, disappearing into the sky.
Kilen took a long drink and for the first time in weeks he reveled in the silence in his head.
Tokeye.
Yes.
Replied the former member of the Crimson, always present in his mind.
The constant knot of determination had gone quiet in the last few moments.
I was wondering if you were still there.
I could not feel you for a moment.
I still feel the other, but not you.
Your feeling for this land is intoxicating.
Until you spoke, I felt like I had made it home.
The knot of his presence returned into his mind.
Kilen noticed that he had taken a mental hold on the voices in his head.
As if he was trying to mentally restrain them into one part of his mind.
Feeling Tokeye normal emotions return alerted him to it.
He wondered if he could use it somehow to control them, or silence them.
Kilen crossed the stream, feeling the cold water seep into his boots.
He walked at a comfortable pace knowing he would not be able to get into much trouble walking amongst the tall grass.
He was sure hed been in the saddle more in the last month than in his life growing up in Humbridge.
Kilen wanted to walk while he could, because he was sure as soon as he received a candidate name from Master Bradley, he would be back in the saddle.
Max followed but now in his humanesque form.
Neither spoke, but enjoyed using their own natural way of walking.
They walked the way both Jace and Joahna had flown for over an hour with no sign of a safe approach to the cabin.
The sunlight was failing and Kilen could see lights far ahead on the plains.
He could also see the large fires of Keepers and wondered where the Earth Realm soldiers were waiting.
Joahna landed gracefully on his brothers stone shoulder and tucked his icy wings back into place.
Keep going in this direction.
You will be there by morning.
Scouts are being sent out in four directions looking for travelers.
Should we alert Master Bradley to your presence.
No, I think it would be best to come closer before we let them know we are near.
Joahna flapped his wings, We will alert you if there anyone comes too close.
The lights ahead of you are in their inn.
I thought you said it was a cabin.
Kilen stopped walking.
Yes.
Well, at a closer look it appears to be a cabin, inn, and stables.
There are a lot of men building fences and there are even some wielders within the cabin structure using water magic.
Something is strange about this, Kilen said, taking a drink from his water skin.
He started to jog in the direction he was going.
Joahna took to the air once again and Max did his best to run on only two legs.
Kilen wished he had taken time to stop during the trip to practice the sword.
If he got in trouble he was stiff from not using the blade for so long.
The blue ribbon atop the pommel wiggled in the wind as he ran forward.
Kilen kept his pace easily with the aid of his earth imbuements.
He could have moved faster but that would involve jumping into the air.
A man leaping into the air would certainly be cause for attention.
Jace warned him twice about scouts or other persons in the grass that might take notice of him.
Kilen stayed clear and was able to come within in distance for viewing the cabin with his own eyes.
The sun had fallen below the clouds and had started to cast shadows on the ground.
Kilen could only see the silhouette of the cabin because of the sun setting behind it.
When he looked around he saw various livestock starting to gather into groups for sleeping in the night.
Some were being watched by men and others were already safely behind a fence.
Joahna flew by, Follow the stream.
Kilen jumped onto the stream bank about a knee length below the ground surface.
His head and shoulders were the only thing that now showed above the grass.
Doing as he was told, he bent over and followed the winding stream.
He was trying to hold his head low to minimize his body showing above the height of the grass.
He had practiced not being noticed in a city, but Bowie training for hunting was more handy here.
He avoided any area around the water that looked soft and muddy to not make tracks.
Kilen did his best to not step in the water and make noise splashing.
Keeping his eyes on his feet also meant not being able to keep track of his surroundings.
Moving closer to the cabin was slow but well worth it.
He would soon be able to walk up to Leroy cabin and get some information.
A cold wind blew across the back of his neck.
He squatted and Tokeye became anxious.
Kilen turned towards Max who had made himself smaller so he did not have to bend his form over.
Max had also taken to smoothing over any track left by Kilen in the soft dirt.
Joahna darted past Kilen along the stream, turned and dove back to land in front of him.
Two men are approaching from behind.
It looks like they are going in the direction you are.
They will overtake you soon.
I will move quicker, Kilen said, starting to ignore his surrounding and concentrate on moving faster.
Joahna became part of the stream and followed Kilen up the bank.
It is no use, there one ahead.
There another coming at us directly from the cabin.
They will all converge here, you must prepare yourself, Joahna said.
Kilen reached out with the water magic and found a man approaching from the west side of the bank, the same side he was standing on.
The other men had not come into his magic vision yet.
As silently as he could, he slid his blade free of its sheath and faced the man approaching the stream.
When the man noticed him, Kilen knew he would have to act fast to dispatch him as not to alert the others.
The more he could take out in silence, the less of a fight he would have on his hands, and less the Earth Realm army would be alerted.
Waiting for the man head to appear over the grass seemed like it took forever.
He was sure that time had slowed down.
Tokeye emotions were not helping either.
He hoped that he remembered enough of Jace training to complete the task swiftly and without it turning deadly.
In the failing darkness, Kilen squatted by the babbling stream hidden in the shadows of the grass and saw a familiar face peak over the grass.
Sergeant Wells.
Kilen asked.
The sergeant of a fallen Water Realm ducked at his name being said by an unseen person.
He whispered into the silence, Yes, who are you.
Kilen checked his water vision and still, no one was in his sight.
It is me, Kilen Everheart the True Weapon Bearer.
Wells stood and looked down towards the water.
Kilen was unsure if he could see him or not but stayed put just incase the others would.
You cannot be here.
They are coming, Sergeant.
I need your help.
Wells looked around and took the last few steps towards the water and finally saw Kilen squatting low at the water edge.
Once he saw Kilen he moved quickly to crouch beside him.
They looked at eachother eye to eye.
Take off your cloak.
Kilen did not hesitate in ripping his bright blue cloak from his shoulders and started stuffing it into a satchel.
We need to get you muddy, like you have fallen.
Without notice, Max thrust mudd on Kilen from head to toe on one side of his body.
Wells looked at him confused, Lay down there and do not move or speak.
Covered with mud, Kilen laid down on top of the sword, keeping his hand gripping the hilt as hard as he could.
When he stopped moving Wells yelled out, Help, help.
A man needs help.
Before long the three men came upon them and inquired what they could do.
Kilen could see each of his friends poised and ready to attack if the need arise.
He watched them moving using the elemental visions as they set themselves up for a quick assault.
I do not know what happened.
Please, will one of you go and fetch Mistress Izabel.
Perhaps she will know how to help him.
Two of the soldiers ran off while their armor clanged as they left.
Wells stood, Do you think you can help me carry him.
Wait.
Go and find some thing we can use as a litter.
Go go.
The man went to do as he was told and Wells watched him leave.
Put that sword away.
If they notice it they will search you further.
The ground opened into a small hole and Kilen dropped his sword inside along with the package the Elders had given him.
Max closed the earth around both pieces and Kilen slumped back onto the ground.
Before long there was a woman voice amongst the men.
You just found him lying there, Wells.
No verbal response came, Is he bleeding.
He watched with the water vision as Wells answered her questions with a shake of his head.
Izabel smelled of lavender, as usual.
He wondered if Leroy was more attracted to her scent or her cleavage.
Izabel pulled her skirt out before bending down to examine Kilen.
She wiped the mud from the dirty side of his face and turned it so she could get a good look.
Her eyes went wide as she looked at him.
She stared at his face for a moment and placed a hand on his chest feeling him breathe, and how his heart was racing with nervousness.
She leaned down close and for a moment, hovered above his face.
Turning her head, she whispered into his ear, Let your body go limp.
She stood and stepped up off the bank of the stream.
Each of you grab a limb and bring him back to shop.
I need to prepare some herbs.
Mr.
Wells, please go and fetch Master Bradley.
Wells nodded and ran out into the darkness doing exactly as she said.
The rest of the men helped in picking up Kilen.
They carried him to the a cabin like structure.
It was made of wood that contained plants on every surface with a roof open to the sky.
The building was much like Izabel shop in Deuterium, except the roof.
She began collecting herbs and crushing them.
She pointed at various items for the others to collect.
While the soldiers were producing their requested items, Izabel turned down the lantern to obscure Kilen face.
She turned his head toward her while the others stood on the opposite side of the table.
She looked over his hands and opened his mouth.
Leroy walked into the room followed by Wells.
What is wrong.
Leroy asked.
He has ingested a bit of leather leaf root, She said, lifting Kilen limp hand so that he could see it.
Leroy did not look at the hand but rather Izabel face.
Wells must have explained the situation because Leroy face gave nothing away.
Yes, I see.
I will need some room to work.
Thank you all for helping him, we will take it from here.
Slowly, the men filed out of the room and patted each other on the back for the good work they had done.
None of the men stopped to wonder who Kilen was or if he would make it through the night.
Wells followed them from the room.
Wait.
Not yet, Izabel whispered command was as cool as she usually was under pressure.
Wells returned to the room and closed the door behind him.
They are returning to camp, He said, moving to stand beside the table.
Kilen sat up as they all laughed quietly, bemused that Izabel plan had worked.
Kilen, what are you doing here.
Leroy said intensely through the laughter.
The Elder Wizards and I have come to a decision that it is time to find the next Water Realm King.
Great.
Who is it.
Leroy asked excitedly awaiting an answer.
I do not know.
I was hoping your father could help me figure that out.
There is a soul wizard in the elemental realms.
The Elders are trying to find this wizard so they can destroy it.
My task is to find and help the next Water Realm King to raise an army just in case the they fail.
The room was silent and Leroy face was blank, as he was clearly disappointed, Kilen, Keepers has been here for ten years.
My father and the others that are loyal have tried everything to find another king.
None will take up the mantel.
In the silence to follow, Wells cleared his throat, It is good to see you back.
If there is a way to find a new king, I am sure we can figure it out.
We have a true weapon bearer now to help us.
We need to get your father here and discuss our options in potential rulers.
Wells began moving around the room with Leroy talking about a reason for Leroy father to come visit the inn.
Izabel voice broke the conversation, I thought Kilen was the new hope to become king.
The two men stopped and turned.
Kilen hopped off the table and held his hands out in front of him, Wait, no.
I already told them I was not a king.
I do not know the first thing about being a soldier, let alone leading a kingdom.
Izabel voice was smooth and sing song as ever, Yet, every soldier that sits at our bar talks of how you stood in defiance of King Atmos.
They fear you, and if they fear you others who fear them will stand behind you.
I am no king.
Besides, I only have two marks on my blade.
Kilen ran his hands through his mud caked hair and watched as flakes of dried dirt fell to the floor.
I cannot be king.
I just need to talk to your father and know what is going on here.
Wells walked back to the table and leaned in on balled fists, I can tell you what is going on here.
King Atmos sent soldiers here to stop you from taking the throne.
At first it was a handful of wielders, then more and more soldiers started arriving each day.
We have the soldier favor for the moment, Leroy butted in.
The wielders stop here everyday and grow our food and herbs for cooking.
They also pitch in and help us build anything we request.
We are making good use of them while they are here.
So far we have built a twelve room inn.
A stable is enough to hold the wielder horses and some extra.
Izabel herbary was completed recently and now they are working on fences for our livestock.
If the Water Realm Castle is raised again, we will have a very popular inn.
Izabel placed a dirt covered hand on Leroy forearm, He does not want to know about our business.
She faced Kilen, The soldiers are being sent to Humbridge, and Basham to catch you if you try to go there.
Atmos has issued the orders to kill you and others if you are found.
It is good you came at the time you did.
Wind wizards arrive three times a day to relay messages and troop numbers to the commander here.
They do.
Wells and Leroy answered in unison.
You men do not pay attention to anything.
Yes, they arrive at least three times a day.
The commander name is Captain Lorusk.
He has a lieutenant that is very capable named Vincent.
They rode here straight from the battle with the Fire Realm.
How do you know all this.
Leroy asked.
Do you not pay attention when they speak at the bar, or while they are working.
She said as she started to prune some of the plants nearby, They already have a few thousand men assembled and more pour in every day.
Leroy was clearly upset that she had been paying so much attention to the soldiers and had not moved on in the conversation.
They talk about the battle, but I have not heard anything that you have heard, Leroy said.
You have to listen to all the stories and put together what you have heard from everyone.
She tapped her lip with a dirty nail, I guess you would have to know when a man is embellishing a story to weed out the truth.
She went back to work tieing herbs along a string to dry.
I know how to weed out lies, Leroy said defensively following her.
Wells spoke over both of them.
We know what is happening, but we have a bigger problem right now.
They both looked at him and waited to hear the news of a bigger problem.
Those soldiers will come back in the morning.
They may even come back sooner.
We will need to produce a sick person.
I would prefer that the sick person not be the one they are ordered to kill.
If they breath a word of this to their commanders, we will be seeing a hundred men within the hour.
I will get out of here now then, Kilen started to walk towards the door.
It is not that simple, weapon bearer.
If you are not here, they will search for the sick man we found laying in the ditch and will figure out you were here.
Then they will kill us.
If you are here and they come to inspect you, they will know who you are and destroy all of our hope, Wells voice had stopped Kilen.
Perhaps it was not wise to have come to them, he thought.
He should have just made his way into Keepers without them.
Izabel walked to a plant and pulled some leaves from its branches.
It had a round leaf with serrated edges and was very dark green in color.
Her voice was soothing and loving, Kilen, this will not be pleasant, but it will do the trick.
What is it.
Kilen asked as he came closer to the table.
Leroy laughed, Poison.
Poison.
Kilen said examining the mortar and pestle as she smashed the leaves into a paste.
The effects do not last long, so we will have to be careful on our timing, Izabel said.
Leroy reached up to pull a small pin from Izabel hair.
Kilen noticed that the large stakes she had normally worn were now gone.
The small pin had a head on it shaped like a butterfly which changed color in the lantern light.
Wells, we can make him sick.
How do you think we should do this.
Leroy asked.
We put him in a wagon and make like we are taking him to your mother for healing.
If we time it right, they will see him sick and let us through.
It will have to be a violent sick, so the men look away instead of looking to his face.
What if I do not want to be sick or poisoned.
Kilen said as started to back away from the table.
With skilled hands, Izabel pulled a second pin from her hair and scraped it along Kilen hand.
The world wavered and he collapsed on the floor.
Slowly, his body started to numb but his mind was racing and in control.
How long till he becomes sick.
Wells asked.
Leroy was already dragging his limp body towards the door.
He could see Izabel smiling, That will not make him sick.
It will make him paralyzed for a while or until I give him the antidote.
Even if he does not want to be sick, his acting unconscious will be horrid.
They both laughed and she shushed them, He can still hear you and see you.
He just cannot move.
Kilen clawed at the grip on his body, trying to move anything but he failed as he felt his limbs numb from the poison.
He tried to blink or even feel his chest rise and fall but he felt nothing.
He watched as his vision backed away from his body into darkness.
His vision now a frameless window floating before him, surrounded by nothing.
The more distant the window, the less he could see and hear of the outside world.
A weeping figure voice was causing a distraction to the conversation, drowning out their voices.
Kilen looked around in the darkness and found two other figures with him.
The figure to the left made no sound or movement other than to look at his own body.
The figure to his right struggled to move towards the frame, yelling out in terror.
The insistent screaming coming from the figure reminded him of The Crying Man.
Then Kilen saw the sword sticking from the wound on the struggling man, a bloody black blade still protruding from his shoulder to his ribs as if he had been skewered.
It was at that point Kilen knew this was The Crying Man.
The spiked blade was tearing at his flesh, causing the blood to seep anew as the man crept towards the window, pulling a black chain around his waist.
The chain extended into the darkness, rattling in the air as he fought it is pull.
Shocked at the scene before him, Kilen tried to move to free The Crying Man of his burdensome sword as the man tugged at the chains holding him back.
Kilen noticed the man paid no attention to him but instead stared into the frameless window.
Kilen moved his feet and tried to call out to the man, but his feet did not move and his voice did not sound in the blackness.
Despite Kilen efforts the man began to make progress towards the window, yanking on the chain that bound him.
His movement was slow, but steady.
Kilen looked at the window and saw Izabel face flash amongst the movement on the other side.
Control, he thought to himself.
The window was control of his body, his flesh and blood.
If The Crying Man made it to the window he would gain that control, he would become Kilen.
Kilen knew that he could not allow himself to be imprisoned here.
Franticly, Kilen lunged himself towards the window to no avail.
His feet still unmovable atop the black glasslike surface below.
He fell forward onto his stomach and searched with his hands for a grip, anything to pull himself along the floor to the window but found only smooth surfaces.
Kilen turned to see chains around his own waist extending into black.
Kilen managed to let out a scream that attracted the attention of the figure staring at himself in the darkness.
Kilen.
the familiar voice of Tokeye resonated in the darkness.
Kilen let out a shrilling panic of a scream, I can not move, help me.
Tokeye took a step towards him and pulled the chains around his waist taunt.
He stopped to look back at them and yanked it with one hand.
The chains shattered in his grip, disappearing like smoke before they struck the ground.
He took a step forward to the window, free of his bindings.
What is that.
he said, looking at the window.
I think it is me, my body.
If he gets to it, he may trap us in here.
You have to help me, Tokeye.
How do you break the chains.
Kilen had twisted in his chains and now tugged repeatedly, trying to break his own.
The Crying Man chains groaned under the pressure he was exerting on them, as if they would snap under his strength.
Tokeye took another step towards the opening and looked down at this freed hands.
Things are strange here.
Chains appear out of nowhere, people with eyes of mist walk amongst us.
Food comes and goes, food that you are not able to grasp or taste.
The things that we see here in the darkness are also seen in the sky above.
Everything is darkness now, He said as he looked around then focused on the window.
Everything but that, He took two steps towards it.
The Crying Man screamed, watching Tokeye step ever closer to the window as he struggled still entangled in the black metal.
He slipped and fell to his knees, the black blade protruding from his side scraped against the hard smooth surface of the ground.
He let out a groan as he stood back up, still struggling against the metal inside of him and dripping dark red blood that never touched the ground.
Kilen tugged and slipped on the floor as he struggled to make his way to the window.
He watched, screaming at an unresponsive Tokeye who was stepping closer to the window.
The man from the Fire Realm was so close he could reach out and touch the misty surface of the window but did not.
Instead, he looked back at The Crying Man.
Their eyes met and a rage turned The Crying Man eyes to hate.
His voice erupted into a volcano of fury spewing forth like the yell of a rabid dog overtaken by violence.
Tokeye shook his head and casually walked to The Crying man and ripped the blade free from his shoulder, causing bits of flesh, blood, and bone into the air.
The Crying Man crumpled, still bound by the chain.
The darkness shuddered and trembled.
Kilen felt a jolt as he pushed against the chains letting him slip a couple steps closer to the window.
Tokeye let the blade fall just to have it turn to smoke.
He ignored Kilen and instead he watched as the blade reformed in The Crying Man body.
The newly opened wound now closed in around the new blade causing the wound to drip blood again.
Tokeye, probably being as astonished as Kilen, walked behind the wounded man and grabbed the chain.
Tokeye grip seemed to thicken the links of chain as he hefted the metal rings onto his shoulder.
Kilen watched Tokeye drag the man into the darkness with his fingernails and the tip of the blade scraping along the ground as he faded from view.
The darkness enveloped them and any sound they made, leaving Kilen alone with the window and his own chains.
Blackness faded to gray and the feeling of terror lifted from his chest.
Kilen let the tension on his chain go as he watched the area turn white.
He did not know if the darkness would return, so he began again tugging on the chain.
The links had become soft and stretched like potter clay.
The metal elongated and became thin as he stretched it towards the window.
Kilen focused on the window.
Outside he could see stars starting to appear as his vision wobbled back and forth on the other side.
When he looked back, Tokeye stood at the other end of his chain.
The Fire Realm man jaw clenched and he took Kilen chain in his hands.
With a twist, the links snapped like a twig and he smiled at Kilen.
Go ahead, I will stand watch, Tokeye said as weapons appeared on his body.
The chain evaporated and floated away in the air.
Kilen took two steps back towards the window.
He could feel the cold mist of the window brush his face as it wafted away from the edges.
He could easily touch the surface.
He took another look back at the smiling warrior who nodded once more.
Kilen brushed his fingers against the surface of the vision and his eyesight faded to darkness once more.
The stars pulsed in and out and The Crying Man screamed in defiance of Tokeye control.
Kilen mouth tasted salty and his stomach was a tight knot of muscle.
It was the only warning he received before the fountain of vomit spewed from his mouth down his face and chest.
He began choking on his own stomach matter until Leroy moved his head to the side.
He cared nothing for the warmth or the smell of his sickness.
He did not try to wipe it away, instead his focus was inside his mind.
Still clawing and fighting, The Crying Man lashed out until Kilen once again assailed him with his mind grip.
The Crying Man let out a sob at being back under Kilen control.
Pushing the man as far away from his mind as he could, the voice seemed to quiet.
Tokeye remained a tight knot of nervousness.
Kilen loosened whatever grip he had reactively acquired on the warrior who had saved Kilen body from being snatched from within.
As he thought over the events that had transpired, he remembered a moment when Tokeye stood less than an arm length away from the frameless window.
In brief time Tokeye proved his loyalty a hundred times over by not taking control of Kilen body for himself.
He was mere inches from what luxuries life had to offer and instead he chose to help Kilen, The warden of the prison to which he was being held.
The Captain voice brought Kilen mind back to the tasks at hand, Oh.
get him out of here.
Izabel, tell me as soon as possible if this sickness can catch.
Until I hear from you, the men that helped him will remain away from the others.
The Captain head barely looked over from the edge of the wagon as the torch light disappeared from Kilen face.
Queezyness swept over Kilen as the wagon lurched forward, starting to move again.
Kilen did not even know they had given him the poison yet, but felt the effects now that he was in control of most of his body Leroy lifted Kilen head a bit more and began brushing the vomit from his chest and neck with a rag.
He could feel the numbness dissipate from his toes.
The feeling of wiggling toes was so joyous that the next set of dry heaves did not dampen his spirit.
Can you respond to me.
Leroy asked.
Kilen spat to the side the last of his stomach contents, Never again.
Kilen said as he tried to catch his breath, will you do that to me.
Sorry, I did not know she was going to do that.
You know how she is one minute she selling something, the next she stabbing a customer through the hand.
Leroy said holding his hand up as if checking for the wound.
Izabel snapped from the driver seat, That was your fault, Leroy.
The wagon rocked back and forth, everyone stayed quiet.
The last of the fading daylight fell upon them when Leroy encouraged Kilen to sit up.
They were past the line of soldiers and well on their way to Keepers.
As they approached the small city, a man got off a seat and then saw Wells amongst the riders.
He gave a wave and sat back down.
Poles with lanterns hung at every shack and tent for those that were still awake inside.
Kilen could hear a flute ahead in the distance and watched the cook fire grow in size drew nearer.
He was sure the dancing would start soon, he only hoped that he would feel up to it.
A large man with a leather apron stood by the cookpots, tasting and dropping in herbs without looking at the bottle contents.
Master Bradley had worked this way for many years here in Keepers and would probably continue to do so when the next king was risen.
Kilen hoped that the master chef would have many years left in service the soul wizard threatened their very existence.
Kilen scooted to the back of the wagon and stepped out.
Immediately, he fell to his knees still feeling the effects of whatever poison they had given him.
Wells was at his side before he could stop the world from tilting.
Wells, the soldier without a king, helped Kilen to his feet trying to let him keep as much dignity as he could.
Leroy approached and handed Kilen a leather covering.
Inside was his sword and the satchel the Elders gave to him.
We did not know if you would be coming back to the inn so Sargeant Wells thought to retrieve it.
You buried it pretty deep.
Kilen gave a weak laugh that smelled of his last meal and strapped on the sword, putting the chainger in place.
The magic from the sword increased his strength, but not the steadiness of his mind.
He leaned on Wells for balance and moved at a steady a pace as he could through to the cook fires.
Master Bradley, Kilen said.
The round cook wiped his hands on his leather apron and turned to see the man Wells was aiding, My boy, you do not look good.
He too a step to get a closer look and his eyes went wide.
He looked to Leroy, Stupid child.
You should not have brought him here.
Hurry, get him to your mother.
Kilen pushed Leroy back as his friend started to obey his father, He was doing as I asked, Master Bradley.
He knows better the ramifications of bringing you here.
If you are caught, we will surly all die.
Then let us not get caught.
I need your help, Kilen said.
The cook replaced Wells and helped hold Kilen steady, Let us get you inside so you are not seen.
Then we will discuss matters.
Leroy, mind the stoves.
Sargent, get me a bucket of water to clean him.
Leroy nodded and went to work checking the contents of the big pots.
They traveled through the small arrangements of structures known as Keepers until they came to what served as the Bradley home.
They pulled back the tent flap to reveal a graying woman lying on a cot.
Weapon Bearer, I would like you to meet my wife, Master Bradley said.
Izebel pushed past the two and went right to work on the cook wife laying on the cot.
She ignored the men, How is she doing.
Did you give her the herbs I sent.
I have been doing just as you said, Miss Izabel.
I give her the tea three times a day.
I do not see how it is doing much good, The fat cook said.
Kilen kneeled beside the cot and felt the woman body with magic.
Her energy was low and the damage to her body was extensive, yet no wounds could be seen.
Her body seeped inside with fluid that should not have been there.
Somehow he knew she was dying.
May I.
He asked, looking to the large cook who nodded to his head as he tried to hold back tears.
Kilen pushed energy into the woman and watched as only a small amout took hold.
As he moved energy into her body it seemed to disappear like steam into the air.
He wondered if the energy could not stay because of the damage already done.
Slowly, he pushed larger amounts of magic in through smaller areas.
Some color returned to her as he worked and she began to move her limbs.
He moved the extra fluid to area where her body could void them.
Her skin was soon soaked with what he could move out of her.
Kilen wished Max and Joahna would have taken over the healing, he was already feeling faint from the exertion.
The woman eyes finally opened, and she blinked at the bright lanterns in the tent.
I hope that helps a bit.
Let me rest and perhaps I will be able to do more tomorrow.
There were tears coming down the cook face now, You have done enough, my boy.
Izabel, would you please bring my son.
Of course, Master Bradley, She said curtsying.
Pete, it is Pete, He said as he placed a hand on her arm.
Of course, Pete, She said as she smiled and curtsied.
The three were left alone in the tent.
The cook hugged his weak but revived wife.
What is wrong with her.
Kilen asked trying to be be insensitive.
She is dying, my boy.
We new this end would come, but you seemed to have staved it off for a little while longer and for that I am grateful.
Now, tell us why you are here.
He stroked his wife cheek and looked into her eyes as he listened to Kilen.
The Elder Wizards and I are looking for a new king for Leviathan.
I thought you would know where we might find one, Kilen said, hopeful.
I have been here for many years.
I have sent many inquiries to nobles and the children of nobles.
In all my searching there is none that will stand against Warlord Atmos.
He was bred and raised by a warlord and has become a monster on the throne.
All potential candidates tremble at his name.
No, there is none that will make a stand to raise the citadel from its depths.
He spoke to Kilen but did not look up from his wife.
There was a silence following his answer until Leroy mother spoke, We had high hopes for you, but seeing that you are here seeking another I assume you are also afraid.
I am not afraid of Atmos, Kilen said as almost by reflex of his mind.
Pete faced Kilen, still holding his wife hand in his own, Then take the crown.
The dying woman on the cot nodded her head in approval with a smile on her face.
I cannot run a kingdom, I am from a simple family, Kilen said in argument as he ran his hands through his hair.
The woman on the cot put up a finger and whispered into her husband ear.
Pete nodded his head and faced Kilen, The family of Dylan Everheart is anything but simple.
Your father was a warrior and a most trusted scout to more than one kingdom.
In the end he saved many lives here in the Water Realm.
The cook let go of his wife hands and pulled back the tent flap and showed him outside.
He took Kilen by the shoulder and lead him into a thick part of the camp.
Citizens of Keepers were starting to gather musical instruments for their nightly celebration near the fires.
Kilen saw a couple of the women Bowie had danced with the last time they had been there.
Pete gripped his shoulder, slowing him to a stop.
He spoke in a voice so that many of those around could hear him.
Kilen Everheart, should you decide to take the weight of this land on your shoulders, there will be many deaths.
There will be a war to celebrate your crowning.
Some will hire assassins and mercenaries to kill you.
You will be cursed at and ridiculed for every decision you make.
The crowd around had begun to emerge from the three sided homes.
He took a step closer and spoke louder, There will also be those who are willing to fight that war.
There will be those willing to endure those pains with you, to give their lives, to stand for everything that you stand for.
The crowd let out out a yell, Yeah.
Pete voice was almost matching theirs as he spoke, There are those that give their lives to protect yours.
There are those that will give up everything to serve at your feet as you fight to save this kingdom.
Pete put both hands on Kilen shoulders so they stood face to face.
If you choose to seek the crown, I would follow you thick into battle against an army of the dead to my death just to see the crown atop a man head.
The crowd was cheering when Pete lifted his hands to silence them.
When the crowd was silenced he stepped in close once again.
Many will come and stand with you, like the people here.
They will bolster you and make you stronger than you could know.
Think on it hard, Weapon Bearer.
There is none other that can or will claim the throne.
The cook took a step back and slowly lowered his large body down to one knee.
Others soon followed, causing a wave of people kneeling through the camp.
Others approached and joined the crowd on one knee.
Leroy and Izabel walked to the back of the gathering and smiled as Sergeant Wells approached shortly after them.
You will have my sword.
Wells lowered himself down and clasped a fist to his chest.
The air was thick with emotion so much that Kilen thought his heart would beat clear out of his chest.
Inspiration seeped from the people here and pulled at him to say yes.
He took a step back trying to shake himself of the feeling.
He knew he had to make a decision that was best for everyone.
Kilen did not know how to tell him that he would not be able to be their king.
He only wished to see his sister free and to see that they stood a chance in facing the Dark Army.
Without a word, he walked between those kneeling back towards the camp fires.
He only stopped to talk to Leroy in passing, Your mother is awake.
He knew that his being alone would not last long.
Sergeant Wells and Izabel joined him at the fire.
They said nothing to him.
He was sure they knew there was nothing that could be said that had not been already.
The music started playing and some started to dish out the food in the Bradley families absence.
He cleaned himself and was given a fresh shirt that was surprisingly white for people living without walls.
Kilen ate a small amount of the stew that was offered and staved off the last bit of nausea.
The celebration lasted for only a few hours.
Many asked him to dance.
He refused, still deep in thought as to where he could seek out the next king.
He looked around to find a place to retire and he found Pete looking at him from a stool amongst the giant pots.
Pete stood and walked over, I am sorry about earlier.
You are the best hope we have had for a king in years.
You have nothing to apologise for.
I am sorry I cannot fulfill the role.
I think I will retire before I have to ride out tomorrow.
Pete grabbed his arm, I am sorry, Kilen.
You cannot stay here.
Sometimes in the night the soldiers come and check.
Your presence here puts all of our lives in danger.
You must leave.
Kilen looked around at the last of the dancers departing.
We have packed your bags with supplies.
I hear you have taken a liking to my sons Kapal dishes.
Kilen gave a half hearted smile.
He wondered if he would have been allowed to stay if he had chosen to be the king.
The food is very helpful, but I would not say I liked it.
The cook laughed enough for his belly to shake.
I will be on my way.
It did not take long for him to gather his supplies and give his farewells.
Max ran along the beach making his own tracks disappear behind him.
They headed east towards Humbridge, perhaps his mother had made it home and would know where to go from here.
Chapter Homecoming She laughed at the thought of needing to have a campfire as she looked over to see Bowie and the others cooking some food.
Kara had taken to teaching every moment that she could.
At first the lessons were strange, but as she rode she was able to think about what to say and how to say it.
They had stopped their travels only three times in their attempts to flee the Earth Realm.
Most of the time the fugitive wizards ran beside Ria cart or sat down inside.
Instead of trying to focus on learning to control their anger they, used their energy to keep up.
If they fell behind they would be put in the cart only long enough to catch their breath.
Kara did her best to teach them while they sat in the back.
She knew if she did not keep them focused, she would be paying for a new cart.
When the party did stop, Kara used every minute to teach while they recuperated and ate.
The escaped wizards sat in silence, sending off sparks and catching flame as they murmured to themselves.
It seemed to calm them when she spoke, I am telling you.
It is not about anger, it is about passion.
You all must think deep within yourself and find the one thing you desire most.
You must find something or someone that you can always look to for control.
My family is what I desire most, and I will not put my family in harm way.
Al notore was angry and starting to catch fire.
His long black hair and unkempt beard still intimidated her just as it had when he stepped out into the dungeon hallway.
Al notore was the largest of the wizards that had helped defend the dungeon, he had been an asset in gaining the other trust.
What I desire will not work for me.
You must teach me another way.
He had come from a mining family in the Wind Realm.
The day his magic awoke it caused the mine to fill with flames, killing hundreds of men.
He escaped the Wind Realm leaving a trail of fire until he reached the Earth Realm, seeking sanctuary.
His relief was short lived when he was imprisoned.
Finally, one of them has found their passion, Kara thought.
You will not put them in harm way.
You do not even need to be near them to use them for inspiration.
His hair came aflame again as she knew his frustration for her grew.
Al notore, close your eyes and do as I say.
Please.
She added in an attempt to calm him.
She moved near him and whispered in his ear.
Think of your family.
The ones you want to see most.
Pour every emotion, every bit of your love from them into seeing every detail of their smile, their laugh, and life.
Remember them as best you can.
Can you see them.
Al notore was slowly being consumed by the flame as she pushed it away from her body to keep him from burning her dress.
She continued to whisper, I know you want to see them again.
I know that you have to see them again.
Make a promise to yourself right here.
Right now.
Pour every bit of emotion and love into that promise.
Make a promise to yourself that you will do everything in your power to control yourself so you can see them again and not harm them.
Like a candle being blown out by a strong wind, Al notore flames vanished.
He slowly stood, looking at his hands in wonder, then the others, and finally the sky.
The others started to flame a small amount but Al notore was fireless.
He let out a scream of happiness.
Brent and the others jumped to their feet in fear as they ate their noon meal.
He was hugging Kara, Thank you.
Thank you so much.
I did not do it, you did.
I will be polite though, you are very welcome.
Come, lets have you join the others for lunch.
She turned to the other wizards sitting around a circle of stones that should have contained a fire.
Instead, the fire was around the circle, on top of its inhabitants.
I will be back with some lunch.
Please be thinking of the thing you desire most in this world.
None of the other wizards spoke to her as she turned to leave.
Bowie was still watching Al notore come to sit with the others.
Kara followed Al notore, but stopped to talk to Bowie.
Three days past and one is in control.
Some of the are not happy about the lack of control they have.
I hope that you are able to teach them before one of them is too frustrated to hold themselves back.
Bowie did not take his eyes from the small circle of wizards.
They had freed seven, including Al notore.
Six wizards still remained fighting off flames as they sat in a circle.
Food seemed to help calm them, but it only lasted a while.
I will keep them safe, She said trying to reassure him.
It is not them I am worried about, Bowie said, checking the string on his bow.
You need to be careful.
She rolled her eyes and went to gather their lunch.
The six fire wizards were eating alone at their empty circle.
Al notore was telling his life story at the other fire and actually laughing as Auburn made jokes.
Kara remembered how it felt to laugh after only a couple months of being angry.
She hoped his cheeks would be not as sore as her were the next day.
Kara left Bowie to stand watch over the volatile wizards.
She pulled up her dress sleeve and reached into the fire to grab a stick with a piece of cooked turkey Bowie had caught.
She knew normally it would be hot and she instinctively blew on it to cool it off, but being a fire wizard ment never burning your mouth again.
She bit off a chunk of the still smoldering meat.
The turkey was good Bowie had always brought fresh meat to their home.
He was always there to protect her.
She hoped by teaching the six remaining wizards, he would know she no longer needed his protection.
Kara watched Bowie reach for his hat twice in anticipation for an eruption of fire.
Bowie had worn the hat ever since he saw a merchant with one.
He had always looked good in a hat, but now that he was grown and without it, she thought he looked better this way.
He will need a haircut though, she thought that she might be able convince him to let her cut it.
Twilix appeared by her side and whispered quietly, This is Kilen best friend.
Kara nodded, They help each other.
My brother would do his best to keep Bowie from getting into too much mischief.
Bowie would teach Kilen skills that my parents would not allow him to learn.
Bowie has talents handed down from his family, and Kilen was always good with books.
Together they made a great pair.
Twilix smiled, Sounds like you know a lot about him.
My brother rarely wanted me around.
I am sure it is because I am his little sister, but Bowie let me join them wherever they went.
He was like another brother.
Kara watched him while she spoke about the memories, trying to remember her brothers smile.
Being near Bowie helped her feel as if she were close to him.
Bowie reached for his hat again and hit his leg after he realized he had reached up.
Well, I think you should keep an eye out for him.
Auburn over here thinks very highly of him.
By her accounts she has saved his life twice.
I do not know why she is here but I could give a good guess for two reasons.
Kara turned to Twilix, Auburn.
What does she want.
Like I said, I do not know for sure yet.
She was a fletcher daughter so it could be that she wants to learn Bowie skills with crafting, but apparently he already taught her that, Twilix said raising an eyebrow.
Kara was turning red in the face, He would never let me watch when he made arrows.
Now he teaching random girls he picks up along the war trail.
What is the other reason.
Well, the obvious one.
Kara knew all too well what the obvious one was, but did not want to hear it.
How could she not have seen this before.
The girl probably did like him.
Suddenly Kara felt very hot, but not like the heat of her fire magic.
She felt almost embarrassed at the thought of her having feelings for her brother friend.
She looked at Auburn and just looking at the girl made her jealous.
She had grown up into that body and Kara was just starting to learn to use hers.
She could barely walk, let alone think about dancing with Bowie.
Dancing.
Had Bowie danced with the woman yet.
The image of the girl sitting on Bowie lap in a dance hall flashed into her mind.
She was ready to punch the girl and she had not even worked out if she really liked Bowie like that, or if the girl was trying to court him.
Moving back to the circle of wizards, she tried to push the man from her mind.
If she did not, she knew it would haunt her all day long and end up in an eruption.
Twilix watched Kara stalk off towards the ring of fire wizards.
Soon she had the escaped wizards pushing a ball of flame back and forth like some child game.
She talked to them about anger and passion while they balanced the ball between them.
It grew larger and smaller, then went up and down and even turned circles in the air.
It was a dazzling show of light.
She liked to watch Kara dance a ball of flame about the room at night but this was something different, something majestic.
Fire wizards were meant to be taught this way.
Brent came to stand beside Twilix, Do you think she will be able to teach them.
I would not have agreed to them coming if I did not, Master Parker.
She did not take her eyes from the wizards.
She noticed they certainly seemed to have a lot of anger.
Kara would have her work cut out for her.
Brent cleared his throat, Yes, but do you think she will be able to teach them before we reach the Water Realm.
Word has it that soldiers are being called to Keepers.
You know why they are being called there.
Atmos is predicting where Kilen will go.
He will either go home or to Keepers.
Twilix nodded her head.
Do you think she will be able to teach them before we get there.
Brent asked again.
Before we get there, no.
I am surprised she was successful with Al notore.
I hope that he truly has gained control.
I saw the change in her and it feels the same in him.
His body no longer harbors the heat that the others do.
If you look, you can see it using the water vision.
He is not fighting the magic back like he was this morning.
If she has taught him, then she already exceeded my expectations, Twilix said glancing at Brent.
If she is not able to teach them, we will have a big problem on our hands.
The Earth Realm army is waiting for us to arrive.
These wielders will most likely attack the first time we find a soldier wearing a uniform of green, Brent said.
Twilix nodded her head, We will just have to be ready for that.
In the mean time let us do all we can to help Kara.
As of right now we seem to be treating these wielders as if they all carry the plague.
A snap of a twig nearby alerted the party to someone approaching.
Brent and Twilix moved to follow Bowie as he raised his bow to his cheek.
Brent whispered, It is a man.
Twilix nodded to Bowie confirming the approaching visitor.
They were still far into the Earth Realm and were all wanted by the king.
Brent watched with water vision as a man in baggy robes walked through the trees, trying to avoid snagging the cloth on thistles.
The man used a wide sash to gather the extra folds around him.
He a wind wielder.
Bowie, your arrows will do nothing here, Brent cautioned.
Bowie nodded his head and put his bow across his body.
He pulled the dagger form the sheath hidden behind his back.
A small breeze ruffled the leaves of the surrounding trees.
A familiar voice called out, I am glad to see you have had some success, Master Crescent.
Bowie relaxed and sheathed his dagger letting go of the wind, It is Alexander.
Twilix did not even know she was holding her breath until she finally let out the tension of air in her lungs.
Alexander finally came out of the bushes surrounding the camp.
Fine gathering you have here.
Took on some extra, I see.
Alexander took a step forward and had to duck from a fire ball hurled at him from the camp of fire wizards.
NO.
He a friend.
Kara shouted.
One of the fire wizards threw a second flame, He is no friend to me.
He helped imprison me.
Kara stood between the enraged wizard and took control of the projectiles.
The other five began throwing flames as well.
The balls of fire collided with what seemed to be an invisible wall.
They struck and exploded with a loud sound like that of lightning hitting a tree.
You need to stop this right now.
If you cannot control yourselves, you will force my hand to cast you out on your own.
Kara screamed.
Alexander walked beside Kara with a stone look on his face and gently placed a hand on her shoulder.
Thank you, child.
You do not need to defend me.
They do not have misplaced anger.
I put them into those cells myself.
Alexander turned his face to look at the six enraged wizards, Remember that I have defeated you all once before.
When I did, it was for your own good.
I stopped you from harming your families and friends.
Now you have a second chance at life.
Do not waste it.
He held his hands out to his side as if surrendering, but Twilix knew the position of the hands did not mean he could not use magic.
A fire ball struck the invisible wall.
Let the wall down, child.
I will handle them on my own.
I will not be held accountable for the harm that comes to you when they break through, Alexander said to Kara.
Kara nodded, saying she had let her wall down, exposing Alexander.
Calmly, he waited as the wizards spread out around him.
Al notore watched, unsure which side he should join.
His anger did not consume him any longer.
Instead of backing away, he moved towards them until they formed a half moon surrounding the wind wizard.
A female wizard threw the first fireball that rushed towards Alexander chest.
The ball nearly struck him, but instead began to swirl in on itself, remaining in place only a few inches from his skin.
The others looked at one another and engulfed themselves in their power.
With each fireball thrown, another ball of swirling fire stopped to rotate in front of Alexander.
The flames began to combine and form one large orb.
Bowie seemed to watch in awe as Alexander used the wind to harness the heat is power, turning it in on itself.
Alexander slowly gathered a ball of thrown magic that was stronger than any thrown at him.
The ball then compacted itself, turning white in color as it swirled in the air.
Twilix could feel the heat emanating from it.
More attacks were launched and deflected safely away from the group.
Auburn, Bowie, and Ria took cover behind a nearby tree.
Alexander turned to the older wizard, focusing his attention, What are you doing here.
The wizard replied back in an unsure voice, I am learning to control my anger.
No, Beldham.
You have already learned to control it once, Alexander said with a voice full of power.
The compacting orb whiped from Alexander body to the man, consuming him in white flame.
The trees and dead leaves around began to burn as Beldham flesh was melted from his bone.
The screams only lasted a moment.
Alexander ignored the other wizards, turning to face Kara.
Beldham was a spy.
I saw him months ago being hauled down to the dungeons as if he was a newly caught wizard.
When he had his awakening he was a soldier in King Atmos army.
Beldham mission was to become friends with the others so he could learn how to keep them angry.
He would have surely sought out your destruction had you given him the chance.
Kara, with tears in her eyes and fists balled at her side screamed, How do you know for sure.
How are we supposed to know you speak the truth.
Alexander moved to the fire cooking the meat and pulled a stick out for himself.
Search his body.
There will be a water imbuement there.
It was given to him to help keep his magic under control.
Alexander went to the flesh stripped bones on the ground, Allow me.
A blast of air shattered them to ashes, throwing them in all directions of the forest.
Behind remained a woven bracelet with an imbued bead.
Kara picked up the bracelet and held it as she continued to cry.
I am sorry, child.
I know it seems like they all can be saved, but not that one.
He was loyal to the king.
When Kara did not respond, he walked towards Bowie.
I see you have become better with wind.
Kilen was able to help me learn, Bowie said.
Alexander nodded, Yes, he has a talent for these types of things.
The voices in my head say that he almost too skilled with magic.
He smiled and looked between the other wizards to speak, I have found Kilen.
I last saw him inside Keepers.
He will not be able to stay there long so as soon as he leaves, I will contact him.
I will have him meet you on the east side of Lake Leviathan.
He searching for a new Water Realm king.
Twilix stepped forward, taking Kara by the shoulders and helping her up, Why would he look in Keepers.
I think he hopes to find a lead on where he could seek a new king.
Those in Keepers had tried many times to have someone take up the crown.
He took a bite of the meat on the stick, Uhg, this meat is rancid.
It is not stringy enough to be good squirrel meat.
He muttered something under his breath as he spit the chunk out.
Bowie sighed, It is turkey.
Alexander smiled and took another bite, Well then, the voices in my head say that it is perfectly fine to eat.
He took another bite and seemed to enjoy the second.
The wind wizard casually picked up a water skin to start drinking but Bowie caught his hand.
Wait.
Kilen is searching for a new king and you are going to arrange for him to meet us on the east side of Lake Leviathan.
Bowie asked.
Yes, He said before pulling his hand back to take a drink.
What are we supposed to do once we meet him.
Bowie asked.
Brent and Ria took a seat across the fire from him while Twilix tried to comfort Kara.
Well, you are supposed to help him find the new king.
You know, you are not as smart as you think you are, Master Fletcher, He said waving around his stick of turkey.
How are we supposed to help him find another king.
You just said that the people at Keepers would know who to talk to, Twilix said.
The wind wizard shrugged.
Thank you for the Turkey.
I must be off if I am to talk to Kilen before the sun gets too low on the horizon.
He stood, ignoring Bowie and the rest and went to Kara.
I truly am sorry you had a traitor in your midst.
Perhaps the water imbuement will help you calm at least one of the others.
You are doing well to have helped Al notore.
He was one of the strongest that I captured.
He turned back to Al notore while releasing the sash holding his robes in place, I am happy to see you free from your own mind.
Your family has been anxious about your return.
I told them I would let them know the moment you gained control.
I will have something good to report when I see them next.
He made a deep bow to Al notore and was lifted into the air by a gust of wind.
All of them except Kara watched him disappear into the trees.
With tear filled eyes, she worked on getting the other fire wizards to sit down and rest before they had to travel.
With two less wizards to train, Twilix hoped that none of the others would have to die before they arrived.
She watched Kara tuck the imbuement into her pocket.
Al notore sat down beside her watching the others still partially aflame, trying to eat there sticks of turkey.
The wizard was good to me when I was captured.
I believe that he stayed in touch with my family.
It is something.
Not much, but something.
It does not matter.
They let him burn a man to death without even trying to stop him, Kara said.
Al notore cleared his throat, Technically, Beldham was trying to kill him.
He had a water imbuement and was in control of himself and he still was trying to kill the wind wizard.
Twilix knew that it would take some time to convince Kara.
She just hoped it did not interfere with the training.
Brent stood with the others, We must be on our way.
The sooner we can get to Kilen, the better chance we stand finding a new Water Realm king and raising a force to kill the soul wizard.
Kara spoke to no one as she helped pack the cart.
Al notore talked about how eager he was to get back on the road to find himself a horse.
He did not have to worry about roasting one anymore just because he got saddle sores.
The sun would be rising anytime but Kilen did not need to have the sun up to know his way around.
He had grown up in this land hunting and playing with Bowie.
The rolling grasslands made it easy to raise cattle or crops.
It also made it easy to hide, if you knew where to walk.
He snuck through the open grounds trying to avoid attention.
He knew his elemental friends would not let any harm come to him, but he would rather not have a confrontation at all.
Humbridge was just as he remembered it.
Exactly in fact, it except for the soldiers patrolling the streets and perimeter of the small village.
A couple new buildings had been erected as guard houses for the Earth Realm troops.
He dared not go into town with the soldiers walking the streets all night.
No one walked the streets of Humbridge at night unless they were up to no good.
Either way Mayor Bingham would have been notified and investigated the late night activities.
After trying to find a way into town without success, Kilen thought he would go to his house and visit his mother.
If she had returned to Humbridge, they would probably be guarding her heavily as well.
He really only wanted to know if she made it home safely before continuing on to find a new king.
Being so close to the house brought back a flood of memories and he knew he would not be able to turn away without letting his mother know he was alright.
The small stone wall around the home was blooming with summer flowers that Kara and his mother planted.
He could see the small garden in the yard starting to bear their fruit.
Someone had been tending to the plants.
He could hear voices in the barn and got close enough to the wall so he could look through a crack between boards.
Inside the barn Chit ordered other soldiers around.
Most lay asleep on makeshift cots or in the hay.
Chit was filling himself a mug out of a cask of ale.
When Kilen could not find any soldiers guarding the perimeter, he moved closer to the house.
A lamp was lit inside and casting shadows of someone moving around.
He hoped it was his mother preparing for her morning chores.
The shadows seemed too large for that of a small woman, but Kilen crept closer to make sure he did not miss the opportunity to see his her.
He approached the window and watched a woman and a man moving about the house, having breakfast and putting on their shoes for the morning work.
Using his sleeve, he wiped the thin layer of dirt from the glass window.
To his surprise, Daniel was the man putting on his boots.
When the woman left the room, Kilen gently tapped the window.
Daniel looked at the window and must have recognized the face peering in.
As he approached Kilen with one boot on, his eyes became wider.
Quickly, the window was opened and Kilen was motioned into the house.
Chit has twenty men in the barn trying to hunt you down.
They search the house three times a day and take our meals, Daniel whispered as he went to the window opposite the one KIlen was at to make sure Chit was not coming to the door.
If they find you here I am a dead man.
A woman called from the bedroom, Find who here.
Daniel stopped and looked at Kilen then into the bedroom.
Kilen had never seen his muscular friend move as quickly as he did when disappearing into the bedroom.
Kilen slowly shut the window as to not make noise to alert any of the soldiers.
A whispered argument could be heard escaping the bedroom.
Kilen did not recognize the woman voice so he decided it would be best to stay out of the argument.
It did not take long for a woman to come bursting out of the bedroom.
He recognized her instantly.
She was a beautiful woman and probably the prettiest in Humbridge limited selection of women.
Jessica was supposed to marry Kilen except he left seeking knowledge at springfest.
He never spent much time with Jessica.
They often sent each other fleeting glances whenever they were near.
Kilen felt it odd that he was supposed to marry a woman he had not fallen in love with.
Jessica.
What are you doing here.
Kilen asked.
Daniel started to open his mouth but found Jessica elbow in his gut.
This is my home.
What are you doing here.
Trying to get us all killed.
She replied with a hint of anger in her voice.
Your home.
Kilen asked.
Yes, your mother gave it to us as a wedding present just before she left.
Kilen stood straight up and almost yelled.
He stopped himself and brought his voice back down to a whisper, A wedding present.
You two are married.
Finally, Daniel pushed past his wife, Yes, I uhm.
Jessica cleared her throat and Daniel straightened a bit, Yes, we are married.
While you were away, your mother stopped here and I spoke with her.
I told her how our fathers were talking of canceling your betrothal and working to arrange ours.
She told me to go ahead and marry Jessica and gave me the house as a wedding present.
Daniel nervously put his hands in his pockets, trying to look at everything in the room but Kilen.
Kilen smiled, Thats great.
Congratulations.
He wrapped his arms around Daniel, who was now giving a confused smile.
Jessica was still waiting behind her large husband, tapping a toe on the floor.
I am sorry I missed the wedding.
A lot has happened, Kilen said stepping away from Daniel.
Jessica pushed forward again to open a cabinet and pull out some bread.
I should say a lot has happened.
Humbridge is spilling over with soldiers all looking to carry your head back on a stick.
My father was glad to hear we did not miss the opportunity to cancel that betrothal.
Being betrothed to a hunted man would have been a dandy way to start out my life.
She began cutting the bread and putting it out on two plates.
She started talking to herself, Oh look there is poor Jessica.
Did you hear they finally caught her betrothed.
Now she left with nothing since there no one left for her to marry.
Daniel moved away from the woman furiously working the knife, I, for one, am glad.
I did not know how to tell you all those years that I secretly had a crush on Jessica.
Kilen smiled and patted his friend on the shoulder, I wish you had.
I did not know much about her.
I would have gladly talked to my parents about giving it up.
As it stood, I did not have an argument.
She is pretty, smart and has a good family.
Thanks, She said with a little less attitude.
They both looked at the woman shooting them a glare that seemed hotter than a fire wizards flame.
What did you do that the king hates you so much, Daniel asked clearly trying to change the subject.
I became a True Weapon Bearer, Kilen said A True Weapon Bearer.
I did not know there were fake weapon bearers, Daniel said laughing.
It is hard to explain.
True weapon bearers used to be appointed by Elder Wizards to seek out justice for the land.
They were appointed to protect non magic users from those that could wield, Kilen explained.
So you met the Elder Wizard.
Daniel asked.
Yes, a couple times.
I am on a mission for them right now.
I am supposed to find the next king for the Water Realm.
So I guess King Atmos has that to be mad about as well.
Daniel nodded, Where are you going to find one.
I do not know.
I asked those at Keepers for advice and they seem to think I should become their king.
Kilen peered out the window, watching those in the barn become more active.
So why do not you.
I think you would make a good king, Daniel said taking a bite of his breakfast.
Kilen turned to face Daniel, I do not think I would be a good king.
Why not.
You are the smartest person I know.
You spent a lot of time in school, you come from a family that was well known because of your father, and you know what it is like to live as a commoner in the Water Realm.
That is why I can not.
I do not know the nobles or their political schemes.
The same schemes that have almost gotten me killed, twice.
I am already hated by a king who seeks my revenge and made enemies of the Fire Realm.
Are not you supposed to stand up to the king anyways.
Protect those who cannot protect themselves and what not.
Daniel asked.
I suppose, Kilen said, looking at the blue ribbon on his sword.
I already tried that once and failed.
Since when has your father let you get away with failing at something and not making you try it again.
Kilen nodded knowing Daniel was right, his father would never let him give up.
Think on it.
Right now I think you better get going.
Chit will be in here stealing my breakfast anytime now.
Daniel said shoving in another piece of bread.
Sorry, you said you spoke to my mother.
Oh right.
She said I was supposed to tell you that she is going to find your father.
She said she was going to the Wind Realm.
Kilen smiled, Thanks.
Did you tell Chit.
No, I forgot until you mentioned it.
Daniel said scratching his head.
Well.
You can tell him if you want.
Maybe they will leave Humbridge and try to chase me down in the Wind Realm.
If you wait two days, you can tell him that I was here.
Just give me a chance to make some distance.
Daniel nodded his head.
Kilen smiled and hugged Daniel again.
It was good seeing you, Daniel said.
You as well, Kilen said as he pulled open the window.
Jessica stood at the table with her arms crossed waiting for her husband.
It was hard for Kilen to picture Daniel with a wife, but it suited him.
He was a good, hardworking man and having a wife only gave him more to work for.
Thank you Jessica, for allowing me into your home.
She inclined her head instead of saying your welcome.
He pulled five gold coins out of his purse and put them on the table.
I am sorry my wedding present is late.
I wish you two a great life.
Seeing the gold on the table seemed to lighten Jessica attitude.
Kilen gave her a half smile and went to the open window.
Her voice stopped him, Thank you, Kilen.
You should think about what my husband told you about being king.
My father always said your family kept this town alive.
I think you could help keep this realm alive if you found the right seat to sit on.
Kilen nodded and gave a half smile before disappearing out the window into the dim morning light.
A few more minutes and the sun would crest the horizon, starting another day in Humbridge.
With the sun up, it would be harder to go unnoticed through the fields surrounding Humbridge and some of the smaller towns there.
It was good he always had his elemental friends looking out for him.
Kilen carefully moved away from his old family home and into a copse of trees he used to hide in as a child.
He had a lot of good memories here with his sister.
He looked at branch on the tree where she had almost fallen and he smiled.
Bowie had always been with them and on that particular day, was there to catch Kara.
He hoped Bowie was doing well and was not having too difficult of a time protecting his sister.
A white bird landed on a branch near where he was looking.
It was not a normal bird for the area and Kilen watched as the rising sun caused the birds body to split the light.
Joahna had always had good advice for Kilen and he knew he could use some now.
It is been awhile since we spoke.
He said as he watched Max form his body out of the ground.
Joahna took the more human like form as he dropped from the branches in the tree.
You spend too much time around others for us to talk.
Yes, well there are things we need to discuss now, Kilen said seriously.
The wind rustled and Jace took his form in the moving leaves and dirt.
What is it you want to talk about, Kilen.
Are you thinking of taking the crown.
That is exactly what I am thinking.
Inside the house I spoke with an old friend that made some good points about why I should become king.
Max laughed, You are not old enough to have old friends.
Joahna waved him off, I think it is a good idea.
It would mean that I would be taking some time away from finding a way to get your bodies back, Kilen said.
Joahna shook his head, Actually, I think it would help us.
It would give us access to not only the wizard library, but wed be able to ask questions of those that might know more than us.
Max nodded, When facing the soul wizard, it would give us a reason to ask about spirit wizards, The Brights, and any odd question you have without suspicion.
Jace used the wind to quietly howl his words, They are right.
Also, asking the questions would confuse any political schemes that you may have encountered.
If you worry more over the answers to these questions, people may think they can blindside you with other schemes.
We will be your ears and eyes in the corners of every hallway and noble room.
Nothing will slip past us.
Max stretched, We also may be able to instil confidence in your people by taking your form and offering our expertise.
I could lead the army, Joahna could talk with the nobles, and Jace can offer help with the schemes in the city.
Having three of us represent you in different locations, making it as if there were four kings at once.
Kilen watched Jace smile in the wind vision, Let them try and assassinate you with us watching your back.
Kilen smiled and kicked a loose rock, It looks like I will become a king then.
We need to get back to Keepers.
Chapter Ingredients Basham seemed like such a large town long ago.
That was before Kilen visited the capital of the Earth Realm.
The Water Realm cities had barely ever seen a soldier or guard.
The gates and stone walls were now being guarded by extra soldiers.
The guards there sought nothing but to catch Kilen and be the hero to turn him over to the king.
He was not keen on being caught, so Kilen did his best to float down the river past Basham like he had done on his first journey out of Humbridge.
When the river let out into Lake Leviathan, Jace warned him of soldiers searching the lake area.
The river banks were being patrolled day and night to keep anyone from passing into Keepers.
Kilen continued to float with his face above water until darkness fell over the lake, making it hard for him so see anything but a crescent moon reflection bouncing off.
Tokeye managed to keep him company as they talked to one another about the canal the Fire Realm wanted built.
Kilen supposed that if he lived long enough, he would do his best to see the project resumed.
During the silence of night when Tokeye had run out of things to say, Kilen watched as a bird fluttered just above the surface of the water.
Joahna circled around and landed on his extended finger.
Making a circle of ice like a frog lilypad, Kilen pulled himself out of the water.
You found a place for me to go ashore.
He said as he checked the sealed satchel the Elders had given him.
The wax seals still held along the seams.
No, they have been searching all through the night.
If you had taken shore, they would have found you.
Jace says there are none on the east side of the lake.
We should move there, Joahna said.
Okay, I will start swimming, Kilen said, looking to the stars to get his bearings.
He began to dip his boots back in the water when a thick pole of ice climbed up the lilypad he was standing on.
A sheet of ice began connecting the pole to the surface like a sail on a ship.
He knew that Jace and Joahna had already worked it out when the wind picked up.
It was not long before Kilen found himself on the dry land to hear the water in his boots slosh as he stepped.
Max greeted him with a lifelike form of himself, waving his hand on shore and hefting Kilens armor.
He had taken Kilen armor beneath the lake using earth magic to keep it from getting rusty, or weighing Kilen down.
We will let you get dried out while Joahna goes to talk to Master Bradley.
What is he going to talk to him about.
Kilen asked.
Where to find a wizard to imbue your sword.
You only have two imbuements, Joahna said as if it was something he should have thought of.
Kilen forgot all about needing to have the third mark on his blade.
Finding a wizard was going to be hard, but finding one that would be willing to imbue his sword so he could be king would be near impossible.
He had all but pushed it from his mind in anticipation of his new duties as king.
There is a low spot just beyond these trees.
If you start a fire there, no one will be able to see it.
We will have to put it out during the night so the soldiers cannot see the smoke trail in the morning, Max said.
Kilen started to walk through the trees, feeling the water squish up between his toes.
He hated being totally wet.
Being cold and wet at night reminded him of the damp cell he stayed in while in Deuterium.
Kilen, Jace is already out looking for any dangers nearby.
I am going to have a look around as well.
We will let you know if something dangerous comes near, Max said.
Kilen had heard it all before.
He hoped that Joahna would return soon.
Kilen closed his eyes and pulled the moisture from his clothes and used it to form a ball in the air.
He laughed, remembering the first time he formed a ball of water.
He used it to splash an unsuspecting Bowie.
He laughed to himself, and Tokeye joined him in laughter as he projected the memory in his brain.
Finding firewood took longer than Kilen expected, then he realized he could just grow some wood and use water magic to pull the moisture from it.
His small stack of firewood doubled in size after he realized that small skill born of magic.
He used his earth magic to slowly pull rocks to the surface of the ground for the fire pit.
He remembered to take off his imbuements and move the rocks with his unaided muscles, just as Sergeant Wells had asked what seemed like a lifetime ago.
Kilen sat down near the fire and found enjoyment in the simpleness of the moment.
At this very second there was nothing that needed his attention.
He could simply enjoy the time of peace and quiet he had.
The warmth of the fire kept him comfortable.
He poked at the coals with a stick, watching them glow like tiny lanterns piled up on eachother.
The lake water could be heard splashing on the shore a short distance away.
The fire crackled and night animals joined in a serene chorus of nature.
Tokeye voice resounded in his head snapped him back into reality, Best to not let yourself become too vulnerable.
Max vision is limited, and Jace works best when things are moving.
Kilen knew he was right, Jace had taught him that long ago.
Brent even warned him to always stay alert using his water magic.
Kilen tossed another log on the fire and strapped on his belt and chainger.
Upon feeling the magic return the fatigue vanished, he had not realized just how tired he had become until it was gone.
He pushed his vision as far out as he could.
He saw nothing except the same trees as before.
Tokeye had been helpful the last couple of days by keeping him company and fighting off The Crying Man while he was poisoned.
Since the moment he regained control of his body, Kilen had been maintaining a mental grip on The Crying Man, pushing him far from his conscious mind.
Even though the experience had possibly caused him to almost lose control, it had taught him much.
He could feel where the spirits lived.
The darkness that they called home was always there and always loomed them.
He hoped someday he could do something about it.
Tokeye, I want to try something.
Can I trust you.
He could hear an inner voice reverberate in the darkness.
Tokeye spoke back, You can, but can you do it a little quieter.
His strength in his mind had increased exponentially since the experience.
Kilen tried to make his inner voice quieter, I want to pull back The Crying Man.
I want to give him the opportunity to speak to us like men.
Tokeye spirit did not wince, so he thought he might have achieved using a softer voice.
I do not want to hurt him, I just want to let him know we are real and give him the opportunity to speak and join us.
A mental image of Tokeye clasping his fist to his chest entered Kilen mind.
I will be a guardian at the gate, Tokeye said.
With some effort, Kilen loosened his grip on The Crying Man while pulling him back into the darkness near Tokeye.
The Crying Man was still living up to his name but Kilen was surprised that while pushed near the back of his mind, he could not hear the man.
If he learned to control the voices in his head, taking more on would be considered a gift instead of a hinderance.
Kilen did his best to conjure an image of himself sitting in front of the fire.
He spoke inside his mind, I know you hear me.
I know you are scared and in pain.
I want to help.
I want you to be free from that place again.
For a moment, the crying stopped.
Kilen could sensefear in the man but also a feeling of disgust and anger.
I know what you are, wielder.
Know that I am a Elementarian and will not be defiled by your temptings of magic.
Elementarian, Kilen said out loud to himself.
He felt something in the water vision move.
He watched a bubble of emptiness approaching through the underbrush.
The emptiness reminded him of when Twilix had used it in the garden to conceal herself.
He watched, waiting for the bubble to move.
Concentrating on where he had last felt it, a bush had extended to beyond his reach.
A small movement showed him that the bush simply disappeared halfway to the end of its branches.
He knew he had an approaching water wielder and pulled his blade free of its sheath.
Anything that the wielder walked near now would seem to disappear as it entered a thin shield of water that other wielders could not see past.
The Crying Man cheered at Kilen fear jumping into his throat.
Someone had snuck past his friends.
Kilen needed to focus and The Crying Man was making that difficult.
He mentally snatched the man again and bound him in the chain, which resulted in a squeal of surprise just before the spirit was thrust back into the darkness.
A smooth voice called out from the trees, Elementarians are those that believe in the old religion.
A blonde woman stepped out from behind the trees, wearing an embroidered blue dress and matching riding cloak.
Who are you.
Kilen asked.
He flourished his sword, which caused the woman to tilt her head slightly.
The woman smiled and briefly glanced down to her soft slippered shoes, Do you not recognize me.
He was not in the mood for games, and frankly the response from The Crying Man had frightened him.
If I did, I would not be asking the question.
Normally meeting a new person was not done with such hostility, but this one was a danger.
She took a step forward and held out her hands to the fire, I am glad to see you well.
It took great effort to find you, even with a certain wind wizard searching the skies.
Kilen searched his memories.
He did not remember seeing this woman before.
The only wielders that he was in contact with would have been in Deuterium, or with the Elder Wizards.
Kilen wanted to try and fish out some more information without insulting the woman.
I am not exactly a person that needs to go around announcing himself.
Doing that could result in a lot of lives lost.
Kilen bent over and with his off hand, picked up the satchel containing items from the Elder Wizards.
Yes, I suppose if it were easy you would have quite a bit of trouble.
I just did not want you to be startled when we approached.
She squatted down to one side of the fire.
The flames danced off of her deep, blue, magic enhanced eyes.
It seems I was not successful.
The woman looked back and forth between Kilen and the fire.
She had an air of familiarity to her that he could not quite place.
I do miss our conversations, Kilen.
He was more than confused by the woman.
He knew there was no way that hed had a conversation with her.
He would have probably never forgotten a woman with as much beauty as hers.
I think I would remember a conversation with you.
She stood again and took a step around the fire the opposite of him, Let me remind you of a conversation we once had.
Kilen tried to stay on the opposite side of the small fire to keep some distance.
I once explained to you that I would not always look as I did then.
I told you that when my body had aged enough, after being delayed by magic, that I would take on the natural age of my body.
She held out her open hands and waited.
Kilen searched his memory.
He knew the only person he had ever talked to about a wizards aging was Twilix.
He looked at the woman and could not believe his eyes.
She truly looked like what would pass as Twilix older sister.
He was still weary that King Atmos might have found a woman for just this moment to deceive him.
You said there were others.
He asked.
Yes, Bowie is here.
Along with Brent, Ria, your sister She said pointing back into the trees.
He moved around the fire and pointed the tip his blade to her chest at mention of his sister.
If my sister is here, you should have sent her to greet me.
The woman looked down at the blade and back at Kilen.
Oh, how those eyes did look familiar.
She showed no fear as she continued to warm herself.
Your sister does not look as she once did either.
Of course, she had aged farther along when she had her awakening.
She helped keep me alive during the aging process.
While she did that, it took a large part of her magic, triggering her to age.
She looks the same age as me, and when you understand that, I will bring her forward.
For now, friends of ours that do look the same will come forward.
She turned back the way she had come, I found him.
Bowie, Brent, Ria, you can come.
Max grew himself out of the ground to stand at Kilen side.
Kilen was shouting in his head.
He really wished that Max could understand how frustrated he was that the former member of The Crimson had let a group of people past, and apparently not a small group.
Bowie pushed through the brush first and crossed the distance, capturing Kilen in a hug.
Brent gave a wave of a hand as he pulled horses to a tree nearby.
Auburn and Ria joined the group around the fire.
You see, I am who I say I am.
The little girl wizard you could not seem to show any respect to.
Now you have no choice to respect me when I teach you.
Yes, well you do look different, Kilen said glancing down at his sword.
She smiled and opened her hands for a hug.
He sheathed his sword and welcomed the her embrace, If you do not mind, I really would like to see my sister.
She backed away and nodded her head, Kara, bring your friends please.
He noticed her wipe away a tear that had graced her cheek.
Kilen watched anxiously as four men of various sizes stepped out, pulling horses.
Three were wearing linen shirts and wool pants, much like he would see on a farmer.
One wore the leather strap clothing of the Fire Realm.
Tokeye spirits seemed to brighten when he saw the man.
A woman stepped forward and had a crooked nose with short brown hair tied into a braid.
She looked at Kilen anxiously looking back with confusion before tying a horse with the others.
Finally, a woman stepped forward with pale skin and hair blacker than a moonless sky.
She smiled and tears filled what seemed to be their mother eyes.
He recognized right away his mother soft cheekbone and the same smile that greeted him every morning.
Although Kara always had their father prominent chin, he saw it even more so now how she resembled their mother.
Kilen and Kara crossed the distance between them in an instant.
Kilen whispering over and over, I am sorry.
Apologies and excuses were made by both as Kilen looked at his grown sister, still astonished at the change.
You look so much like mom, it is like I am going mad.
No one said anything to separate the siblings reunification.
When the two could bring themselves from separating, Kara spun in a dress that matched Twilix.
It was a dress so fine that no one in Humbridge would be able to afford.
I have three new dresses with me and more back at the castle, Kara said.
Yes, well I do not think we are going back there again, Kilen said.
Kara nodded her agreement.
Brent cleared his throat from the other side of the fire, Kilen, I hate to interrupt, but where are the Elders.
Kilen turned to him, still holding his sister hand.
I do not know.
They said they were headed to the Wind Realm.
They did not give me specifics on where they were going.
Why are you out here then, instead of with them stopping this soul wizard.
Brent is voice was stern and urgent.
Kilen knew him to be always forward and to the point.
Everything seemed to be a world ending crisis in Brent is mind.
In this case, Kilen happened to agree with him.
I have chosen my own way.
I am seeking a new king for the Water Realm, Kilen said, taking a seat beside Brent.
Bowie unstrung his bow and almost everyone at the camp found a place around the fire.
The man in the leather straps started eating a piece of bread before sitting on a rock nearby.
Ria nodded her head, A bold move.
Did the Elders tell you to do this.
No, we came to the conclusion together, He said.
She smiled at him and he gave a half smile back.
She was probably the only other one at the fire who understood how the Elders may try and manipulate people into doing as they wish.
If a new king is raised, he can raise an army to fight the soul wizard if the Elders fail.
It is a backup plan for now, Kilen explained.
I think most of us will be going to aid the Elders, Brent said, casting looks around the campfire.
Kilen shook his head, I need your help here for a little while.
I have had a few problems with obtaining a new Water Realm king.
You found one to take up the throne already.
Ria asked as she grew a plant out of the ground.
More like I was convinced.
I spoke with Master Bradley in Keepers Kilen stopped as Brent cut him off.
That old fool has contacted every noble and noble spawn to try and find a new king.
All have refused one after the other.
Each of them afraid of Atmos power.
Whomever he sent you to see will most likely be nothing more than a waste of time.Brent said in a frustrated voice.
Kilen stood, He said it should be me.
He held up a hand as the others stood, I did not like the idea at first.
I almost insulted all those in Keepers as they kneeled before me to sway my decision.
But in the end it was the words of a friend in Humbridge that convinced me.
I know the Water Realm.
I know its people struggles and their lives.
I was born and raised there.
My family is well known and I am already a target of King Atmos.
Bowie stood, It is about time you give him something worthy of being his target.
He turned to Auburn, Best friends with a king.
I should be able to expand my business a bit.
Brent and Ria exchanged whispers and then stared at Kilen standing there amongst the group of fugitives.
You do not have what it takes to be crowned a new king.
There a book you will need to raise Leviathan from under the lake surface, Brent said.
Kilen looked down at the satchel slung over his shoulder.
Perhaps that is what this is.
The Elders gave it to me to give to the next king.
They said not to open it until I found him.
I thought I would wait to open it until I had my third imbuement.
Kilen pulled open the flap and pulled out the leather package using a knife to break the wax seal.
Its contents were a leather bound book with the emblem of water on its front, and two crowns, one smaller than the other.
The large crown was smooth and heavy like a wagons wheel without any spokes.
It had no adornments or markings of any kind.
The smaller was smooth and came to a triangular point in the front where a large, blue gem reflected the light.
Kilen handed the book to Brent who immediately started carefully turning its pages.
Pulling the large crown from the bag Kilen could feel magic surging through his body it was imbued.
Ria waved Kilen away from the others long enough to whisper in his ear.
Before you decide to become this king, I want you to consider one thing.
She checked to see if the others were listening before she continued, Did the Elders perhaps mean for you to be the next king when they gave you the package.
She said nothing else and did not wait for an answer.
She simply patted him on the shoulder before returning to her place at the fire.
He smiled knowing she knew all too well the plots of the Elders.
Kilen took a moment before he walked away towards the shore hoping to speak with Joahna.
The flighty elemental friend was nowhere he could see, but Max formed himself out of sand.
Do you think that the Elders meant for me to be the next king.
Kilen asked.
Wizard schemes are not for me to determine.
I simply go where my sword leads me, Max said.
Kilen, does not matter if they meant for you to become the king.
Become the king and nobles and those having the birthright will come from all around to meet you.
If you are king and find that you are not up to the task, appoint another.
My brother Elric was not always so keen on being a king.
He found his strength by appointing those with talents to perform tasks.
For what it is worth, I think you will do great things for the Water and Fire Realm.
Finally something Max had to say made sense and gave Kilen the last bit of confidence he needed.
He marched back to the fire saying nothing as others looked over the book the Elders had sent.
He grabbed his satchel and pulled out the blue cloak he had hidden in his bag for the last week and put it on.
Moving back to where he left the crown next to Brent, he bent over and picked up the large crown.
This is mine.
I will do the best I can while I wear it, until I die, or find someone better.
The party around the campfire went silent in his awkward proclamation.
Silent, except for Bowie who started talking about the new jackets he would need and gaining the seal of the royal fletcher.
Brent finally looked back at the book and then at Kilen, There are a couple problems.
Ria nodded and put her finger on a word in the book.
Brent nodded and continued to speak, The first is you still need a third mark on your blade.
Of course you knew that, but we only have inexperienced fire wizards.
Twilix smiled, No, we have Kara.
She winked at Kilen sister.
Brent, since when has an Everheart failed at performing a task with magic.
Right where they were, Kara stood and walked to Kilen holding a hand out.
Kilen unsurely pulled the blade free of its sheath and handed it to his sister.
She leaned over and spoke to Twilix as if suddenly embarrassed, What do I do.
Twilix stood to the side of Kilen and Kara and spoke so everyone could hear her.
This is a time honored tradition that originated with the very first weapon bearer, Lord Ruler Efrindoel.
Close your eyes and do what I say.
Feel the metal.
Feel the magic inside you.
Take that feeling and push it at the blade.
Do not push with heat but push with the place in your heart that the magic originates from.
Push so hard that the magic feels like it will leap out of your heart and into the blade itself.
Kilen watched her with the vision of fire magic and saw no movement.
With the earth vision, he saw a flurry of activity as Kara entire body released energy into the hand in which she held the blade.
Silence around the campfire lasted until Kara opened her eyes.
She looked around and was almost shaking.
Ria stood and placed a hand on Kara shoulder and a green cloud of energy flowed back into her body.
Bowie quickly stood and added his energy to Ria.
Kara smiled and slowly opened her hand.
Underneath, the blade was moist with blood from where the blades sharpness had cut her hand.
She held out the sword for Kilen to take, but instead he took her wounded hand pushing water magic into the wounds to heal her.
Thank you, She said, smiling.
Kilen used his pant leg to wipe the blood away from the blade and found the mark of fire underneath.
He could feel the warmth of the fire magic before he could see the mark, but seeing it brought more comfort.
Thank you, Kara.
When I am crowned, I would love it if you would be a member of the council.
I am not sure I am worthy, but I will do my best.
She smiled and bowed her head.
Brent coughed, This is all wonderful.
There are still some problems that we have not discussed.
We can crown you king now, but you will have no castle.
I will not have a castle.
Kilen said coming to sit beside Brent who was reading intently.
Yes, I have the words needed to raise the castle from the depths, but there have to be a few ingredients.
You have to have a three element blade, an imbued crown, also Brent looked up licking his lips looking at Kilen, a king and a queen.
You are telling me I have to have a wife.
Kilen body slumped where he sat.
I do not know how long that would take to find a worthy woman to be queen.
Kara came to sit beside him in an excited voice, You know a woman that be willing to marry you.
Kilen shook his head, It is no use.
I spoke to Daniel yesterday.
He married Jessica Jarrad.
Who is Jessica Jarred.
Twilix asked from across the fire.
Her arms were crossed and finally Kilen could see the tiny girl he had come to know.
The way she was standing reminded him of the times she would stomp around the wizard training ground, mad at the smallest things.
The woman who use to be Kilen younger sister spoke to her across the flames, It was his betrothed.
Kara turned back to Kilen, I am not talking about her.
I am talking about Twilix.
Twilix, still standing with attitude from across the fire, watched as Kilen almost fell over backwards.
His face was red and he pulled at the cloak he had just put on.
Twilix.
I barely know her.
I can not marry her.
I stuck my neck out for you many times and you still can not see me a worthy wife.
Do you even remember me representing you at your trial.
She stomped off through the trees towards the lake.
Kilen looked around the fire at awkward faces.
Wait here, I will be right back.
Kilen chased after her.
Bowie called to him, Do not apologize.
That is how they get you.
He saw Kara and Auburn both glareing at Bowie before the tree blocked them from view.
Kilen chased after Twilix, hoping to quell her feelings.
When he caught up to her she was standing up to her ankles in the water of Lake Leviathan.
Her slippers in one hand and dress held out of the water in the other.
She stared at what seemed like an ocean to him.
Kilen did not disturb her, he only stood at the edge of where the tide stopped and waited.
He understood that he had insulted her, but was not sure how badly.
He knew she could feel him there so he patiently waited.
After what seemed a lifetime, she spoke in a soft voice that trembled, When you stepped onto the platform on springfest, I was attracted to the man that stood before me.
A seeker of knowledge that looked the way you do.
I could see the town respected you by the way they held their tongues.
Chit did not get that kind of reception.
You were admired.
After I gave you the gift of magic I wondered if I would ever see you again.
You were, after all, not seeking the life of a soldier or wielder you sought only knowledge.
It was then I thought that you could be a perfect man for me.
She turned to face him still standing in the rocking tide washing the sand from beneath her feet.
When I found you riding with Brent, my heart nearly sank.
I wondered if the Brights had willed you into my life.
If you were a test or a trial that I must overcome.
I thought that you liked me by the way you looked at me.
I knew in my heart that thinking of marrying a man that was not a wizard would be a hard life.
I knew that if I married you, that you would die while I was still young.
Do you understand.
I was, at that moment before even reaching Deuterium, willing to watch you, the love of my life, grow old and die.
Knowing that I would have only the memories to live with for hundreds of years.
Knowing that any children we had may or may not be wizards, and the ones that were not I would have to watch die as well.
She took a step towards him, Not once was my choice altered by this.
If you shared my affection, I would watch generations of our family live and die with only a memory of you to hold onto.
I thought a few times that you felt the same way I did, but were too scared or too busy to settle down with me.
Now I find out that you do not share my affections at all.
She stepped past him as she put her slippers back on her sandy feet, I am sorry for reacting the way I did.
I hoped there was still a chance for us.
Everytime you leave I tell myself we do not have a chance, and everytime I see you again I hope.
I hope that the Brights are looking out for me.
She took another step and Kilen tried to speak over the lump in his throat.
He had not known she felt that way about him.
He thought he should have seen it.
He forced the words out in a bark, Twilix.
She stopped just short of the beach treeline.
He caught up to her, with her blue riding cloak flapping in the wind.
I am sorry.
I have been very busy staying alive and preventing a war.
A few months ago I was about to start an adventure that would lead me to libraries across the realms.
Since that moment, I have become a soldier, scout, and True Weapon Bearer.
I have been labeled traitor, murderer, and failure.
Now I discover that I must become a king and a husband at the same time.
I have had to overcome many things lately and I do not want you to be one of them.
She turned towards him, face puffy and full of tears, yet she was still the most beautiful woman he had ever met.
I am not worthy of such a beautiful woman both inside and out.
You have been there beside me through it all.
I do not know if I would have done things differently if I would have known, but I am sorry for how I have treated you.
I want you to know that marriage has been the farthest thing from my mind.
Until a moment ago, I did not even consider that I could be married as a weapon bearer.
You are a wonderful person, especially when you are not stomping around and yelling with your hands on your hips.
He smiled and she laughed while wiping away tears, You have been my protector and I truly thank you for that.
I wish I had time to court you and get to know you so I could see if I was falling for you, but I do not have that luxury.
I just found out the woman I was supposed to marry just married one of my closest friends, and they live in my family home.
I just need a moment.
He took a step away from her and ran his hands through his curly hair, contemplating what he should do.
He was still unsure he could marry a woman that he barely knew.
In his turmoil a single thought crossed his mind, I have not even kissed a girl yet.
Kilen stopped in his tracks and turned to face the woman still standing on the beach, waiting.
He walked up to her more nervous than he had been in his entire life and stood close to her.
In a moment he soaked up what seemed to be a flood of senses as he tried to memorize the woman features.
He cursed the moon for not being bright enough to let her eyes shine they way they had in the past.
I need to try something, he whispered.
He reached up with his right hand and placed it on her neck.
His fingers wove their way into the thick of her wavy hair as he leaned in.
He noticed she closed her eyes and her lips parted ever so slightly.
He felt as if his heart would beat out of his chest as he crept his face towards hers.
When their lips touched he felt a flood of memories.
These memories were altered by the willingness of his mind to see Twilix for who she really was.
Each and every memory of her being a tiny girl was forgotten in an instant and replaced with the grown version of herself.
The existence of every moment changed with only a touch.
He saw each moment of defiance he had given her responded with care or a fury of love.
She had protected him, given him imbuements for free, and taught him lessons in life and magic.
She had risked her life for him without asking for anything in return time and time again.
He could hear her voice demanding Gortus to stop his training.
He could hear the tenderness of her words while caring for his wounds after.
She truly did love him, and he her.
Kilen stepped around Twilix and ran through the trees, Wait here.
I will be right back.
Kilen mind was racing and his heart was still thumping in his chest.
He ran into the camp ground and pulled the small crown out of Auburn hands as she examined its jewel and then ran back the way he had come.
C amon.
Kara said to Bowie as she pulled him to his feet.
They ran after Kilen, followed by Brent, Ria, and the others.
Twilix remained right where they had kissed, staring out at the moon reflecting off the water surface.
Kilen moved around her and threw out his cloak behind him and kneeled.
I do not know if I will be the best husband or king.
I do not know if I will ever have time to court you or love you the way you deserve.
In that kiss I have found everything I have ever wanted in a woman and I am sorry that I did not see it earlier.
What kiss.
Kara squaked from the trees then covered her mouth.
Kilen ignored her and continued, What I do know is that I will be faithful.
I will try my hardest to live up to the standard of the man you spoke of moments ago.
Twilix, I need a wife and a queen.
It would be my honor if you would be that queen.
If you would be that wife.
If you would honor me by living a life of which I would do my best to make you happy.
Kilen followers all stayed behind the treeline and watched the moment unfold.
Kilen pulled the small crown out and held it in both hands before Twilix.
Bowie ran his hands through his hair and whispered to himself, What are you doing.
At least visit a couple taverns before getting married.
Have a couple dances and Kara punched him in the arm, and nearly knocked him over with her new adult strength.
Twilix leaned over looking back into Kilen eyes, Say, Will you be my bride.
Confused, Kilen said nothing.
Say it, or I walk away, She said, placing her hands on her hips.
Twilix, will you be my bride.
Twilix stood for a moment glaring at Kilen, he guessed it was just to make him sweat.
With one hand she brushed aside the crown and the other grabbed his shirt pulling him to his feet.
His strength was no match for her but he complied as if it was.
When he was standing she pulled him close and kissed him, wrapping him up in her arms.
The onlookers clapped as they enjoyed the kiss as much as the newly engaged did.
Bowie, however rolled his eyes and started to walk back to the camp.
A glare from Kara set him in his place and he began clapping slowly.
Kilen was confused as to what to do now and was still a bit dizzy from his first and second real kiss.
He watched at what seemed like hallucinations as Twilix ripped a strip of cloth from the hem of her dress.
She leaned over and tied it to his sword next to his sister blue ribbon.
There, now you have representation of what else you fight for me.
Chapter Firelight Everyone patted the newly engaged couple on their backs and shook their hands.
Brent still held onto the book and Ria carried the large crown.
Bowie even managed to give Kilen a hug in congratulations, If not anything else, she is not bad to look at.
He smiled as he backed away.
Kilen knew it was Bowie smile that meant he was up to no good.
Kilen arched an eyebrow at Bowie as he backed away with the smile on his face.
Brent came to stand in front of the two.
Looks as though we have everything we need to raise this castle and crown you.
A three element blade, you two, and the words needed to raise the castle.
He held up the book.
We can begin the ceremony in the morning.
There are some warnings here that I need to read through beforehand though.
He opened the book and started to riffle through the pages and hold it so the moonlight would allow him to read.
One of the large men dressed in farmer clothing held up a hand and a blue flamed sphere appeared in his palm, temporarily blinding everyone.
The ball of flame allowed them to see the words on the pages of the book.
Pictures inside the book showed faded drawings of a crowned man dipping his sword in the water.
Brent leaned over so Kilen could see better, Performing the last bit will trigger a spell placed on this lake by Lord Heathmos.
The castle and its city will raise out of the water.
We then will just have to wait as people gather to the city to see their new king.
We still have the problem of a couple thousand soldiers from the Earth Realm camped outside of Keepers.
Chit leads another small force inside Humbridge, Kilen said.
A cold wind blew over the group, causing the book pages to flip and the hair on the back of Kilen neck to stand on end.
The group looked towards the cook fires down the shore line as torches began lighting.
A white bird landed on Kilens shoulder, Looks like they are on their way now.
Put out the flame.
The man blue sphere vanished in a plume of smoke.
Bowie pulled Auburn, We need to get our bows and anything else we can carry.
Brent held up his hand, Wait.
If those soldiers are outside of Keepers, we have time to gather our thoughts.
Bowie returned and stood nose to nose with Brent, We have no time to plan.
At least two thousand soldiers and wielders are coming for us.
We cannot out run them because we do not have enough horses.
We cannot hide, they will track us and find us.
We certainly cannot fight them.
The red haired woman stepped beside Bowie, You have stood against thousands of soldiers before, Master Crescent.
Master Crescent.
Kara laughed, Do you make her call you that.
Bowie tried to adjust his hat and ran his hand through his unevenly cut hair instead, Kilen, tell them I am right.
We cannot fight them.
Auburn cheeks and become red but she said nothing to Kara while being laughed at.
Instead of answering Bowie, he also faced Brent, How long will it take to raise the castle.
It will only take long enough to speak the words of your marriage and the words to raise the castle.
Kilen, it will do nothing to protect us.
Brent opened the book to a marked page, There are three ways into and out of Leviathan by three bridges.
A picture in the book showed a map of the castle and surrounding city.
Even if we do raise the castle, we will have to go through the soldiers to get Keepers where the bridges will be.
Kilen looked down at the map of the lake and castle.
The three bridges connected the cities wall to the land shaped like that of a trident.
Each point of the fork extended out of Keepers.
Kilen looked at the map and saw a large flat piece that exited out the back of Leviathan, There are docks here.
If we can find some boats, we can enter the city through the docks.
We will need to travel light along the shoreline.
Go and gather your things.
Anything that is not essential, we leave behind, Kilen commanded before he realised what he was doing.
Twilix took his arm as if he was all she needed.
Max emerged from the bushes carrying supplies,weapons, and Kilen armor.
When we are in the city it will not take long for the soldiers to take those bridges and then we will be trapped, Brent said.
Bowie waited as Auburn fetched his things, We will still have boats.
Let is hope they send all the soldiers to chase us now.
It will be a lot easier to defend the castle by water than by trying to defend three gates.
The small, brown haired woman Kilen had thought might be his sister stepped forward, Excuse me.
I use to live in Basham.
All the boats big enough to carry us were from that city or from Keepers.
No cities reside on this side of the lake.
The mountains that surround it to the north did not give way to trade routes.
Bowie ran his hands through his hair again, So there are no boats.
She seemed almost skittish and Kilen watched as sparks snapped off her shoulders.
The woman tried to concentrate and keep them at bay, Maybe a rowboat, but nothing to carry us all.
The group silenced as a popping sound came from behind them.
The water surface had begun to turn to ice.
Twilix bright blue shining eyes found Kilen, We can travel over the water.
Slowly, the ice froze straight out from the shore leading into the dark surface of the lake.
Brent shook his head, We will not be able to maintain this to travel to the docks, even with your new found strength.
Joahna, still perched on Kilen shoulder, flew out over the lake and dove into the water.
A moment later an icy man with giant eagle wings emerged, climbing out as if on a submerged staircase.
The ice grew faster than Twilix had managed so Kilen knew Joahna had taken over.
Kilen faced Brent, It will be able to hold all of us.
As soon as you are ready, follow my elemental.
Bowie and Auburn began carefully walking out on top of the ice.
Max and Twilix helped Kilen put on his armor.
Twilix smiled as she worked, You still amaze me of the things that you can do.
Two elementals at once.
You will have to teach me.
Kilen smiled, I am the student, remember.
Besides, it is three elementals.
Twilix raised an eyebrow of what Kilen could only think was intriuge.
He gave her a wink in return.
Slowly, everyone followed Joahna out onto the icy surface of the water in a line waiting for the person in front of them to plunge into the dark depths of the water.
Max walked out after those that had taken to the lake.
His stone foot caused the ice to crack as he stepped on it.
He recoiled and stood still on the bank of the shore.
Twilix repaired the ice as she started to walk out on to it, strengthening its surface.
Kilen let go of Twilix hand as she walked out on to ice.
She turned back confused.
Kilen motioned her to keep moving, I will only be a moment.
I will catch up soon.
She gathered her skirt revealing her soft soled shoes, You had better not keep me waiting or I will come back for you.
I will not be run out on just before my wedding.
Watching her move along the ice Kilen turned to Max, Hold this spot and let no one on the ice.
When the city is out of the water, come to meet us.
Max gave a nod and grew two wings out of his back and kneeled facing away from the lake like an ominous statue warning intruders.
Once again Max was alone.
He sat on the shore line, stone swords crossed in front of his chest, waiting for an army to charge towards him.
He was growing tired of hiding behind Kilen.
Hiding behind a face that was not his.
He knew on this shoreline, he could be himself.
He was a warrior and member of the Crimson.
Only now, he served a new king.
The fire light grew in size as the hundreds of horse hoofs could be heard thundering along the shore.
Lighting cracked over the water, but Max could do nothing to stop the wind.
He had only one mission protect the ice bridge his brother made and not kill anyone in doing so.
He reached out his control of earth magic along the beach from the way they would approach.
The land that his magic touched became his body.
As the horses approached, he could see them clearer looking through the eyes of the land.
His stone body still resting far down the beach at the mouth of the ice bridge.
He could hear voices amongst the riders as they rode across the top of him.
The lieutenant spoke, Captain Lorusk, we may be walking into a trap.
The captain was smart and strong, Max had watched him training the so called Champion.
Lorusk sword was deadly, Kilen would not stand a chance in a straight out fight against the Captain.
What makes you think we are riding into a trap.
Lorusk asked.
A moment ago I lost the ability to control the earth.
Someone is already controlling it, the Lieutenant said.
Max felt a push on his magical control, but his body were the elements now he was pure magic.
Whoever is controlling it is very strong, The Lieutenant said.
Lorusk nodded his head and turned his horse.
Fire and water wielders to the front, bowmen to the front.
Light our path.
The captain dismounted as flaming arrows and fireballs streaked out into the sky over Max.
They had a ways to go before they found his stone body and the bridge.
The soldiers followed their leader example, leaving their horses behind to walk along the shoreline.
They pulled their swords and weapons of death from their body readying to fight.
A constant barrage of fire filled the sky to illuminate the ground below.
Max watched, patiently waiting for the advance.
Lorusk organized rows of ten men in an almost unending column.
The most heavily armored and strongest wielders to the front.
They marched forward pointing their swords in the direction they walked.
Still, Max waited for the right moment to make his presence known.
The storm grew and the water waves slapped the stone body from behind.
He did not waver or move a pebble.
The advance covered ground quickly, as if they could not wait to meet their deaths.
Max let out a smile as a fireball streaked over his rock body and the men at the front of the line called out his shape.
When they did, his smile grew and he began his assault.
Roots grew amongst the ranks of men, causing them to stumble into one another.
The trained army looked like fools scrambling to their feet, struggling against their heavy armor trying to right themselves.
Many of the soldiers cried out in pain as arms or legs snapped from being thrown to the ground.
Cutting each other free of vines and thorns, they waved the uninjured men forward.
The soldiers spread out and slowed their advance.
Finally, Max used his stone body and stood on the bank, extending his blades outward at an angle to the ground.
He held them wide for all to see.
He drew the soldiers attention and smiled when they let out a battle cry before starting their attack.
A few more succumbed to the fate of broken limbs when more roots reached up and the surface shifted, leaving men to fall ten feet only to collide with the ground rising just as rapidly as it had fallen.
Soldiers screamed in pain as they were bounced into unconsciousness, but Max watched as Lorusk walked slowly, with his sword held casually before him.
He stepped over the broken bodies as the last few hundred of his small army advanced nervously.
Kilen, The Captain said confidently.
Max stepped forward.
He did not respond to the Captain but stood only a couple horse lengths away waiting for what the man had to say.
When Lorusk received no response he spoke casually again, You seek to raise the Water Realm castle.
Who will follow you.
Still no answer came from Max stony glare, I have to say, if you really wanted to defeat a soul wizard, this is no way to go about it, boy.
You have no army.
A root snatched a man from behind Lorusk, pulling him to the ground.
I could say the same about you and your king, Captain.
Max said.
None the less, I do as my king commands.
You should have done the same.
He would have dealt with the soul wizard as he did the Fire Realm.
Max grew angry behind his stone exterior, the man was goading him.
He would kill more innocents after seeking peace with the soul wizard.
Soon, the Water Realm will be restored and your army will not be welcome here.
With his free hand, Lorusk removed his helmet and tucked it under his arm.
He reached up and scratched his head before speaking, Kilen, my boy.
Do you think for one moment that I will ever be able to stop pursuing you.
Either you must kill King Atmos or he will see to it that someone kills you.
I am not threatening you.
I am telling you that you will never be free of his pursuit.
Max saw Lorusks eyes just before a smile came to the captain face.
When Max turned he saw two men sliding along the ice bridge.
The captain speech was a distraction.
The captain turned away, Wielders, now.
Wielders of every type jumped from the trees and started their assault.
Those wielding earth had no effect on him, but fire caused him to melt on the exterior as they threw white flames on the ground and everything he controlled.
His stone wings dripped of molten rock until a wave crashed over him snapping stone swords, limbs, and wings away from Max control as it was swallowed by water.
Max tried to attack the wielders with roots but they were burnt away as soon as he attempted, again he lost precious earth materials in his fight.
His statue like body became superheated and was splashed with water to make him solid.
The ice cool water that chilled him cracked his body and caused him to collapse into pieces.
Earth wielders snatched the shards that fell away out of his control so he could not rebuild.
As a small stone, he turned himself along the shore deeper into the water.
The saying, The tides have turned crossed his mind as the wielders now controlled the land he had prepared for his assault.
His small stone body tumbled deeper into the lake, trying to find earth that he could control.
Angry with himself more than the captain, he started to change his form, pulling in the sand around him into one giant stone.
He took the form of the largest creature he could picture.
He hoped that Joahna saw the two Fire Realm men now giving chase along the ice bridge.
Through the water he could see where the bridge started and jumped to break away any reminate that other soldiers may attempt to get to.
His head crashed into the bridge shattering it and sending the floating structure out onto the lake.
In his now giant form, he trudged his way up the bank and into view.
Water slid off his stone back as he formed the teeth, claws, and scales.
Tucking in his wings, he stood in his giant form for the army to recover and give another wave of attacks.
Instead, he watched as captain Lorusk walked casually amongst the downed soldiers and healed them with his imbuements.
When those soldiers rose, they assisted in healing others.
Not one of the soldiers made any attempt to fight Max, or even look in his direction.
He was embarrassed and ashamed that he had fallen for the captains ploy.
The ice would not be easy to traverse even with Kilen normal leather boots.
His heavy armored foot made it easy to slide on the slick surface splashed with water.
When he caught up with Twilix, they took each others hand.
He was not sure if it was more for balance or because they had pronounced their love for eachother.
Either way Kilen, enjoyed having a flesh hand to hold after being alone with his voices for so long.
Twilix and Kilen passed some of the fire wizards, one still complaining about being stuck out on the ice and drowning if they fell through.
Kilen noticed the ice would steam a bit where ever he placed his foot.
Twilix spoke in a calm voice as she passed the man in straps of leather clothing, Do not sit in one place for long or you will melt through.
Call out if you need us and we will come to you.
They did not wait long, as a violent storm stirred above their heads.
Lightning lit the icy paths in an almost continuous flash.
Thunder echoed on the lake surface, ushering them along.
Bowie stood watching the sky when they reached him.
It is Mica, is not it.
Bowie asked.
Twilix and Kilen slid to a stop, looking upwards into the deadly light show that raged above their heads.
A wind wielder could be seen flailing and trying to avoid the bolts of power streaking through the clouds.
Jace was surely watching the skies and keeping away any wielder from above.
Kilen tugged Twilix along the path, I do not know who it is, but as long as they stay up there, I feel safer.
Bowie nodded and continued to glance up every few steps as if he could jump out of the way if a streak of lightning came down.
Jaohna could be seen ahead, casually walking on the ice as the rest of the group bunched up behind him.
Kilen looked back to see the bank fading behind them in the night.
He could no longer make out the shape of his earth elemental friend guarding their path.
Once the group got closer together Joahna could concentrate on a small area.
Joahna began speeding his walk.
The group tried to move together, but Kara was busy ushering along the fire wizards still causing the ice to steam with every step.
The storm torrent had no direct effect on Kilen and his group below, but it did cause small waves of water to splash over the surface of the ice.
Joahna had to compensate by making short walls of ice to either side so they group would not fall off.
The extra time needed to form the walls slowed them as they approached the center of the lake.
Kara called out to Kilen, Look.
Along the bank.
Kilen turned around and saw fireballs streaking towards the sky, and underneath were hundreds of soldiers on horseback galloping down the shoreline.
Kilen had seen the pirates use this trick before so they could see Kilen in the night.
They are searching for us.
They do not know where we are.
Keep moving, Kilen said over the claps of thunder.
Kara nodded and continued to prod the one fire wizard as he grumbled his way down the icy path.
Sparks would pop off of his shoulders and flames would trickle off his arms the more he slipped on the ice the louder his complaints became.
I will not fight a war for you.
A fireball rushed towards the line and was blocked by a piece of ice, resulting in the pathway shifting and throwing all of them to their backs.
Brent quickly stood and held his open hands out to the lake on both sides of the path.
Tendrils twice the thickness of a horse rose up out of the water on both sides of the path at his command.
The fire wizard body was engulfed in flames, sinking into the ice under his feet just before the two tendrils smashed together, resulting in a cloud of steam.
When the water cleared, the unconscious wielder lay flat on the ice.
Brent continued on to the front of the line taking up Ria hand, We have not time to keep him in check.
We must do this here, Brent said helping form the platform of ice.
Bowie let go of Kara arm and picked up the limp wizard.
Kara eyes went wide when she saw how easily he picked up the man.
When did you become an earth wielder.
The moment your brother brought us on this crazy adventure, He snapped back.
Joahna stood at the mouth of the ice bridge and they all watched as the path widened at his feet.
Kilen joined him and soon after Brent and Twilix added their magic as well.
The tiny island grew in size, it was now so large, a house could sit on top.
Brent moved to the bridge, watching fireballs and arrows consumed in flame flare across the sky.
The battle that erupted along the beach caught his attention for only a moment.
With a wave of his hand, the ice snapped and broke free.
Two men running along its length fell over at the jolt.
Brent went to the center of the island that now floated freely on top of the lake.
He waved Kilen and Twilix forward.
I am sorry, this will have to be done quickly.
Perhaps when things have calmed down we will be able to do this more ceremoniously.
He spoke to both of them but looked more at Twilix.
Twilix Havensmith, do you take this man to be your husband.
She smiled at Kilen with wet eyes, Yes, I do.
Brent turned to Kilen, Do you, Kilen Everheart, take his woman to be your wife.
Yes, Kilen answered as he swallowed.
Twilix held up a hand to Brent as he opened his mouth, Are you sure you want to marry me.
Yes, Kilen answered with confidence.
And give me a child.
Twilix said raising an eyebrow.
Kilen mouth hung open a bit but nothing came out.
I know it is a lot to ask, and you have had already many big decisions to make today.
Having a child is something that I cannot live without, Twilix said.
Kilen snapped his mouth shut and nodded his head, Yes, of course.
Twilix smiled lowered her hand so that Brent could continue.
By the power invested in me by wizard law, I pronounce you husband and wife.
The crown, boy, give me the crown, Brent said as he closed the book.
He waved his hands, urging the ceremony along and noticed everyone watching him, Yes, of course congratulations.
Come now, the crown.
The others clapped as Kilen pulled the crown out of his satchel.
Before Brent started talking, Twilix pulled Kilen in for a brief kiss.
He dropped the crown, lucky Brent managed to snatch it out of the air.
Your blade boy, let me see it, Brent said reopening the book.
Kilen pulled the three elemental blade from its leather home and held it up in front of him.
Kilen Everheart, being a holder of a three element blade given freely of your father and imbued as testimony of your skills, I stand before you.
Do you vow to uphold the laws of the Water Realm and the Law of the Wizards as set forth by Lord Heathmos and Afrindoel.
Do you vow to always protect the people of this realm.
Do you give your oath to give your life in service of the elemental realms seeking peace, truth, and knowledge.
If you agree and accept these conditions, kneel and repeat after me I, Kilen Everheart, give my oath on pain of death that I do solemnly swear to protect this land and everyone in it.
Kilen knelt and spoke with a shaking voice the words that had been declared.
Brent raised the crown far into the air and slowly laid the smooth circlet upon Kilen head.
Repeating the process, he carefully placed the second crown on Twilix head.
When Twilix stood Brent laid a hand on her cheek, I am sorry that Jace and your parents could not be here to witness this moment.
They all would be proud, and I know you will make a great queen.
While Brent spoke Kilen watched her face adorned by the jeweled circlet, thinking that the crown was a perfect fit for her.
Brent then hugged Twilix and resumed his hurried pace flipping through the Elder Wizard book.
Now then, we have all the parts for the recipe.
Let is get you two a city, Brent announced.
The leather bound book was old and its pages looked as if any touch would rip them to pieces.
Brent carefully turned through them to find the exact words that needed to be spoken.
In the ancient language you say, the king has come.
You must put your sword in the water and say Doel eh t ishadria.
Except for the occasional clap of thunder from above, the night seemed to be quiet as Kilen traversed the small, icy island.
He knelt down near the island edge and extended the sword into the water.
He looked around as the bystanders watched Kilen intently, waiting for a magical city to raise out of the murky lake.
A flaming arrow flew out from the frozen path towards the party, luckily it was blown off course and sizzled into the water.
Two of the Earth Realm troops had managed to slip past Max.
Bowie and Auburn began returning arrows.
Kilen looked back at the sword tip submerged in the water concentrating on his pronunciation he said, Doel eh t ishadria.
The thunder cracked above and the small waves washed over the edge of their platform of frozen water.
Still, the wind did not stir.
There was no flash of light and the waves did not alter.
A second arrow hurdled past out as the men moved closer down the pathway.
This arrow had come closer to hitting the small party.
Kilen was not worried about the arrows.
He was worried about what imbuements the two men might be carrying, or the concussion that would come to his brain if Bowie managed to kill one.
He was frightened that he would not be able to hold his balance.
He pushed his blade in farther, submerging the emblems of magic below the surface of the pitch black waters.
Doel eh t ishadria.
He screamed into the night, answering back the thunder that rolled over the lake.
Still, nothing happened.
He slowly pulled the blade back from the water and observed a tiny bubble surface.
As he watched, the island edge started to melt and more bubbles formed as if the water was boiling underneath the ice.
He stepped back, as did the others.
Twilix and Brent both tried to keep the edge of the island frozen but to no avail.
Joahna stood like stone frozen to the center of the shrinking pad.
Everyone jumped when the island cracked, letting out a snap as the pieces broke apart breaking down the middle.
The Earth Realm men yelled as they were cast into the churning waves from the bridge.
Twilix held onto Kilen, their grip stretched over the edge of the ice as it tumbled in the water.
The fire wizards all slid into the water on the far end of the second piece.
Al notore grabbed the unconscious wizard as he started to sink into the water.
Still, the pieces of ice melted, forcing those on top to jump into the water or be thrown in by the pieces wobbling.
Twilix looked over the edge and clung to Kilen, My water magic is not working.
The panic clearly showed on her face.
Kilen felt something hit his leg just before a ball of ice on a frosted translucent spike rose out of the water.
He reached out and grabbed onto the spire as he rose out of the water with it.
In his other hand he still hung on to Twilix, who was now reaching for Brent.
The others tried to grip the rising spike smooth surface as the water pushed them away from Kilen.
Kara had a look of terror as she tried to stay on top of the water.
The spire continued to slip through Kilen fingers as it grew in thickness.
The bubbling water became more violent.
Kilen felt something hit his feet and push up from under him.
He rose out of the water standing on a dome which the spike was centered on.
Twilix and Brent were still on the angle as it grew.
Kilen held on and had no problem supporting the weight of his new wife.
However, Twilix was straining to hold onto the wet hands of her wizard mentor.
The rest of their party yelled while they struggled against the churning water.
Joahna, Kilen yelled out.
No answer and no relief came, the body of his elemental friend was now submerged in the water.
The dome, still rising, stood higher than three stories above the water surface.
Brent slipped out of Twilix grip, sending him sliding down the angled glass like dome.
Kilen panicked.
Trying to reach out with his other hand, he slipped on the wet surface.
He held onto Twilix hand as they slid down, watching Brent disappear over it is now visible edge.
It was only a moment longer when Twilix and Kilen flew over as well, plummeting down to the surface of the churning water.
Kilen breathed in and released his grasp on Twilix just before he sank into the dark waters.
The light of the moon let him see her kicking her feet far above on the surface.
The farther down he went, the less of the world he could see.
His armor weighed heavily on his body.
He trashed his arms and legs, but it was no use his increased strength had no effect on his ability to swim.
Using his arms with his armor on was much like trying to fly while waving sticks back and forth.
He stopped and watched the light of the moon disappear as he felt the weight of the water on his chest and ears.
His lungs began to beg for air by burning in pain.
He hoped that soon he would reach the bottom of the lake so he could try and jump to the surface.
He felt something under his feet his wish came true.
He squatted down low, bending his knees and pushed with all his strength.
As he pushed down, his feet sank into the mud at the bottom of the lake.
Still, his power let him clear his feet of the murky bottom after nearly sucking his boots off his feet.
His jump was not enough to get him to the surface.
Again, he was sinking and now his lungs tried to pull in air despite his lips being clamped together like a vise.
He let his body go limp, hoping to conserve his energy until he could figure out a way to the surface.
Something solid hit his back and pushed him slowly towards the air he was panicking for.
He turned in the murky water, searching for the object pushing on him.
He felt along its surface and could not find an edge.
The texture felt like stone, with lines arranged like bricks.
Without a second more of confusion, he placed his boots on the slick surface.
His limbs weak and tingling from the lack of oxygen, as if he would lose control of them at any moment.
He lept and watched the moon come back into view as he rushed towards the surface.
Bursting forth, he found his the breath his lunges were craving.
The sounds of chaos found his ears as his friends were still struggling in the churning water.
It was not long before he went crashing back down to the depths of Leviathan.
He then realized how fuzzy his vision had become.
He was thankful he had not gone unconscious from the lack of oxygen, fearing The Crying Man would have another chance to take control.
The surface rising under his feet was much closer than before and it slowly brought Kilen out of the water.
Kilen only had to jump once more before he finally emerged.
The surface that had pushed him out of was now an open area in front of the Water Realm castle.
The stones that were paved here were made out of a translucent material that looked like glass, but felt like stone.
Kilen found only Twilix had emerged from the water in the same area as him.
They ran to each other, screaming each others name.
Slowly, Kilen and Twilix skidded to a stop and stood, dripping water.
Are you okay.
He said to her, still trying to catch his breath.
Yes, I am fine.
Are you okay.
I am fine.
We need to find the others.
He started to walk away but was stopped by her tug.
She kissed him and straightened the crown on his head.
Kilen, you just surfaced the castle.
There an army outside of Keepers and their mission is to stop it from happening.
They will be coming for you, Twilix cautioned.
Kilen nodded and listened to the voice inside of him, We will do what me must.
I will help in any way I can.
He knew Tokeye could do little except give him advice from the inside.
He needed to find the others.
We need to get to the gates and shut them, Kilen said, looking around to get his sense of direction.
A wind whipped past him pulling him in a direction, in the wind vison he saw it was Jace.
The ghoast like figure on the wind waved him on, to where, he was unsure.
This way, Kilen said.
The water from their clothes steamed away, leaving them dry.
Twilix let out a sigh of relief, I have control of my magic again.
He nodded, but did not understand what it would be like to lose control of an ability someone had for so long.
They rushed through the empty castle grounds, pushing gates open and finding fish still thrashing on the streets.
Kilen followed the winds leading through a courtyard and a massive crystalline gate.
In the street, Joahna walked with Kara, Ria, and Auburn.
Kilen.
Thank the Brights.
Kara screamed.
He gave his still unfamiliar sister a hug, Have you seen the others.
She shook her head, but they soon heard footsteps coming from a nearby street.
Leroy heard his father voice from outside the canvas tent.
His voice, in all the years of his childhood, always remained steady and calm.
Even when he was shouting orders around the camp, he was in control.
Tonight the voice was urgent and quiet.
Leroy pushed back the cloth door, leaving his mother alone to talk with Izabel.
It was the first time his mother had had the strength to speak with her.
His father looked off towards the lake shore line.
Get your mother and anyone else you find to the cook fires.
Calmly and quickly, son.
The large cook ducked inside the tent and began throwing back wooden crates and digging in the dirt underneath them.
Wait, why.
He asked, following his father inside.
It could be dangerous to move mom.
You know that.
Leory mother voice had always been sweet and caring.
Pete, what is going on.
He stopped, pulling a small box from the dirt.
He sat beside her, Something is happening.
The army is moving out.
There was a light down the shore, a light that only a fire wielder could make.
It was white like the sun.
They are going after it.
If anything should happen I need everyone at the cook fires.
He took his wife hands in his, looking into her eyes he smiled, I think it is time.
Time for what.
Leroy asked.
His mother smiled, Do what your father asks.
Grab two people to help and use this blanket as a litter to get me to the fires.
Leroy opened his mouth to speak but his mother held up a frail hand.
I will be fine.
I am strong today, She said before he could argue.
He nodded and went right to work.
His father must have already started telling people, because the camp was a mess with everyone carrying whatever they could get their hands on.
Confusion was not on anyone faces at the tasks that needed to be carried out.
They worked together to move supplies and people to his father cook fires.
It was as if all of Keepers would not exist by morning.
He saw his father talking to Wells, the only soldier that stayed behind to watch over those in Keepers.
Wells shook his head and ran through the crowd, talking to the head of each house as he came across.
Leroy could not hear what Wells said but it was short and everyone stopped what they were doing to gather their family.
Leroy grabbed two men, not old enough to have started a family of their own, to help carry his mother.
Through the crowd they encountered the familiar faces he grew up with.
Each of which smiled and patted him on the back saying, Today is the day.
In his ten years living here, he had never seen such joy on the faces of the people of Keepers.
Their smiles eased the tension he felt.
When he arrived, his father and Wells were just gathering everyone together and watching flames leap about along the shore line.
A storm had gathered over the lake, leaving the rest of the sky clear and open to the stars.
Lighting lanced out around the lake surface in a beautiful display of power and light.
Pete approached his wife and smiled, I hope you get a good view.
Wells handed Leroy father a hoe and they started raking a line from the shore, past his largest cook pot.
They stopped only when his father heard the sound of metal hitting metal.
Dropping down, they dug in the dirt and pulled free a chain with links as thick as a man thumb.
The chain must have been heavy, because Wells dropped it soon after he freed a few feet.
His father took out the small box he had dug up at their home and opened its lid.
Inside, Leroy could see a large gold ring that his father placed on his fat pinky finger.
He looked around, I hope I still know how to use this.
The older men and women in the camp laughed and smiled, some had tears in their eyes.
Pete took a large breath and grabbed the chain, pulling on it.
The large cook pot shifted and sand sunk into a hole a few feet away.
Leroy took a step closer, but was held back by Wells thick arm.
He watched as his father gave tug after tug, slowly revealing a large room sealed by a metal plate that his father pulled back.
The fire light from the cook pot lit the dark hole more with each move.
Racks of weapons, helmets, and armor were stacked to the brim of a metal pit hidden for years under his father care.
When his father stopped tugging, he gave Wells a nod.
Wells nodded back and walked to stand beside the pit.
He reached inside, pulled out a sword, and held it in his hands, Thank you all for standing here on this day with us and thank you for your perseverance.
As you can see, the Earth Realm army fights against a foe that could possibly raise the city from its watery tomb.
We do not yet know if it is being risen, so if they start to return, we must be ready to put these weapons back into their resting place.
If the city does rise, we must be ready to fight and protect the new king we have so long been waiting for.
A cheer erupted from the crowd that made Leroy jump.
Wells walked to Leroy and handed him the first sword handle, Come now, and take up arms in preparation for your new king.
Men formed lines and started handing down armor and weapons.
Women started gathering supplies and helping their husbands and sons strap on armor.
Izabel smiled as she cared for Leroy mother.
Leroy handed his sword to a man that passed by and his mother spoke to him, You do not want to fight.
It is what we have lived here so long for.
He smiled, I will fight, but not with a sword.
He freed his father polished knives from where he had hidden them on his back.
The polished steel glinted in the light of a lighting strike.
He saw a smile touch her face and he knew she was proud of the man he was becoming.
Izabel stood and walked closer to Leroy and took his arm, pulling him away from the crowd.
You will have to be faster than you were in my shop, She said cynically.
Leroy stopped her from walking and faced her, I have learned a few things since the hairpin incident.
Besides, I always have my poisons to help me.
He smiled and made a grand bow before her, trying to perform as he thought a man should.
It earned him a small laugh and she patted his cheek.
You better use something a bit stronger than what you used on my guards.
Ill watch over your mother until you return.
He nodded and turned to go but she cleared her throat, Leroy, do not get yourself too hurt or else I will have to charge you more dates to see you get better.
He smiled, We would not want that, now would we.
Although the camp was not a city, it was with solid buildings and walls with their own type of fortifications.
A sea of three sided structures stood haphazardly along winding paths through Keepers.
Everyone had at least one side that was a cloth covering.
When he was a boy he use to get scared going out at night, wondering if ghosts were in the camp.
Each movement of the cloth covers catching his eye made him think he had found one.
He knew better now that ghosts were not real, but that did not mean he could not use the movement of the cloth to conceal himself.
Leroy moved amongst the tents and searched for any other weapons he could use.
He was able to find some rope and random knives which he tucked in his pockets.
He tied a rope across a smaller camp path in attempt to slow anyone on horseback by tripping them.
He also extinguished any torches in the area to help hide rope along the ground.
When he came to the edge of the camp he could see a couple hundred men lining up in order to march into Keepers.
Very few of the men were on horses.
Almost all of them had a haphazard type of armor missing pieces that others had.
The commands given by their leader had to be barked more than once for the men to do what they were supposed to.
Leroy eased the strings on two leather pouches on his belt.
The two pouches were filled with two types of poisons one lethal, the other debilitating.
He had not liked the thought of killing another man so he dipped his blades into the pouch of debilitating poison.
He started to hear waves crashing in the water as if there was a continuous churning out on the lake.
When he stood a little to look over the tops of the structures he saw a large dome refracting the moonlight over the lake.
His heart leaped up into his throat it was happening.
The castle was surfacing.
A command to bring something forward brought his attention to the aggressing forces outside of Keepers.
A large box was being pulled on wheels to the front of the formation.
Torches followed and revealed a large hunting dog being unloaded from the box.
A man with a long leather strap ducked inside so that the leather strap hung out of the box, the other end being held by the man inside.
Wells, in a full suit of armor, crashed in next to Leroy with sword in hand.
How many are there.
I see a couple hundred, but they are doing something with that dog.
I am not sure what it is.
Wells looked out with Leroy.
They could see the dog head being placed inside a loose loop of the leather strap.
Two small spikes were fitted to point towards the back of the dog neck.
Wells groaned and turned back behind the structure they leaned against.
They are making the dog a wielder, and I can only assume it will be fire.
Suddenly Leroy was very afraid.
He looked over continuing to watch.
If the dog was a fire wielder, the whole camp of Keepers would go up in flames like a tinderbox.
Ten Earth Realm archers aimed bows at the dog, still sitting in front of the crate awaiting commands.
The leader on the horse gave a command and the leather leash was yanked tight around the dog throat.
It yelped and turned back on the man holding the leash.
The hair raised on the dog back just before they lit into flames.
It began barking and attacking the tiny hole in the metal box.
The archers waited for the animal to turn on their forces so they could put it down before it reached them.
Leroy thought the animal looked as though it had jumped right out of someone nightmares.
When now screaming man still inside the box yelled out in pain, the dog turned, satisfied with its first kill for the night.
Leroy was not sure if it was the sea of structures, the burning torches, or the crashing waves that drew the dog attention, but he prepared himself for a fight.
Tucking his polished blades away, he searched his pockets for his best knives for throwing.
He nervously dipped the blades in his lethal poison, Can poison kill that thing.
Wells shrugged, I have never fought one, but it seems to be our only choice.
I will distract it and you take it down.
Leroy nodded at him and practiced his throwing motion.
The flames light and low growling was the only warning signaling that the dog was coming.
Wells jumped clear of the structure and started banging his sword on his shield and backed down the path, luring the beast towards Keepers.
Leroy held his ground as he felt the dog heat pass him, gaining on Wells.
Quickly, he released his first blade which bounced off the ground behind the dog and hit its leg with the knife handle.
Wells screamed and held his shield to protect him from any flames that could leap out.
The dog only turned his head towards Leroy for a moment before turning back on Wells.
Molten liquid burst out of the dog mouth every time it barked.
Wells jumped side to side to avoid the danger.
The smoke coming from the beast is path was now in the structures, making it hard to see.
The dog drool was like lava that melted the ground as it landed.
Leroy dispatched two more poison tipped blades, landing them deep into the its flesh.
A yelp came, followed by a blast of fire as the dog looked away from Wells.
Leroy turned to run but saw the dog stumble to the side and fall into what was left of a home.
The creature smelled more natural now, a smell of burnt hair and meat.
Leroy was breathing heavily as Wells joined him to make sure the imbued beast was dead.
Wells bent over and checked the straps on his charred shield, Thanks, friend.
Before Leroy could answer, an arrow landed near their feet.
It snapped them out of their celebratory stupor and back to the impending battle.
The home was that now burning showed the advancing army had come halfway the distance to town, and now Leroy element of surprise was gone.
Wells tugged at his shoulder, ushering him deeper into town just beyond the flames.
Leroy glanced at the soldiers placement, but when he turned back Wells was gone.
Leroy ducked into a nearby structure and dipped two more non lethal blades.
The soldiers made quick work of searching the structures by lifting the cloth coverings or hewing them into pieces.
Leroy watched one particular soldier that was making his way towards his hiding spot.
When the brute of an armored man lifted the cloth covering a nearby structure, Leroy sidestepped and threw a blade out of his place between the cover and the wooden beam.
The blade took the man in the calf and sent him sprawling backwards onto the path.
The poison left him confused and vomiting by the time he had pulled it free.
Two more soldiers readied their attack of the same structure but were brought down by two more blades.
Each time he threw one, he prepared another for flight amongst the tents.
A man with a bow stopped another set from attempting to attack the same structure.
The blades came from over Leroy threw his knife before the words left the man mouth.
He watched the man crumple as his next knife took the man in the throat.
Leroy stepped over a pile of crates and lifted the cloth covering in the back, escaping his hiding spot.
He moved quickly to a structure deeper into Keepers to start over.
He could hear the men ripping apart the area he abandoned moments ago.
Nothing, sir.
A voice called back, Burn it.
Move on.
We need to press towards the beach.
I will send more men here.
Keep moving.
Leroy watched as a fully armored officer walked away through the partial buildings.
Leroy was distracted when six Keepers men charged out to meet what was left of the earth realm in battle.
He watched the disorganized fight as men on both sides crashed shields and swords.
Neither group dealing damage or receiving any.
Leroy jumped from his spot and into the back of another structure just as an arrows zipped past his head.
Freeing his polished blades, he leapt out, coming out behind the enemy line.
It took only moments to nick each of the men on exposed flesh and duck back into another building.
He doubted either side knew he had even taken part in the battle.
Soon, the Earth Realm soldiers wobbled and fell.
Some of their lives lasted long enough to see their last meal return.
Some were skewered before they hit the ground.
The men of Keepers cheered and ran amongst the tents looking for the next fight.
Leroy came out to follow and was caught by smoke and flames.
As he stood to his full height and looked out over Keepers, a quarter of the town was now in flames.
The men he had caught with knives were now struggling to avoid being consumed by the very fires they started.
He slowly cut the non lethal poison free everyone he had tried to save by debilitating was going to die by sword or fire.
He watched his blades in the firelight as he carefully dipped them into the deadly snake poison.
The sounds of battle called to him the Keepers men had found another fight.
He rushed towards the fight through the burning tents, jumping over piles of discarded crates and planters.
He lept through smoke without looking to see what was on the other side and finally found the battle.
Two larger groups fought between tents.
The Earth Realm, with their backs to the flame, stood side by side and were beginning to overwhelm the defending force of Keepers.
Leroy moved down to a row of tents even with the line of fighting men.
One of the aggressing soldiers followed Leroy but was not quick enough to stop him from slicing a hole through the cloth, letting him exit out the back.
While running down the line of men, he dragged his blade across their flesh, leaving one long cut spanning several men.
He was not sure if it was the pain or the poison that made them fall and let the Keepers men get the upper hand.
He stopped when he heard a shout from behind him.
A line of archers let out a flurry of arrows into the Keepers army.
Some fell and some had shields at the ready.
Leroy ducked in time to avoid the assault.
When Leroy started to attack the row of archers by throwing one of his many knives, the ground bucked as they were attacked by a wielder, sending him sprawling onto his back.
He scrambled to his feet, seeing the archers nocking their second volly.
Leroy ducked into one of the structures to avoid the arrows.
One pierced through the cloth coverings he hid behind.
He could hear Sergeant Wells shouting, Retreat.
The presence of a wielder would certainly make this battle more difficult, and Leroy was unsure which of the soldiers it was.
He still wanted to fight but knew with the others retreating, he could not take the rest of the army alone.
He quickly moved from cover to cover trying to create distance between the enemy and himself.
When he was sure he had, he stood straight and sprinted to catch up with the others.
Arrows still arched overhead and landed amongst the building.
Some of the arrows were on fire, causing more flames to consume the small village.
Wells stood amongst the people helping usher the last of Keepers across a bridge made of frosted bricks.
Leviathan tall walls loomed over them as a giant sanctuary only a short span of water away.
Leroy ran to traverse the bridge into the unprotected city as arrows flew overhead, catching some those trying to escape.
Ahead, Leroy saw a litter being carried towards the city gates and could just make out Izabels face struggling to pull it inside.
An arrow fell into the crowd and the litter fell along with its carriers.
Afraid for Izabel, he rushed past those lying on the bridge to aid in picking the litter back up.
Leroy father darted out of the gates and grabbed the litter in one hand and drug it into Leviathan.
Leroy could see the arrow sticking out from his mother chest and he stopped in the middle of the bridge.
Arrows still passed by as soldiers tried to rush by him to the protective walls of the city.
It was the sight of Izabel that brought him out of his stupor.
She was unharmed, and calling to him.
With the four women in tow, Kilen chased down the echoing footsteps.
The sounds that traversed the city echoed off the building walls, making it nearly impossible to pinpoint its source.
The city walls were all made of the same stone as he had felt underwater.
Each stone was like looking into a block of frosted ice.
Shadows moved inside the stones which Ria said was actually fish.
Kilen did not stop to ask how fish were swimming inside the stones of the city.
Jace guided his movement through the streets by telling him which way to turn and with each moment they grew closer to the sound of footsteps.
Only now the echoing had grown in number.
Kilen hoped the rest of his group had found each other.
As they approached an intersection of streets Kilen felt a rush of wind from the front.
He stopped hoping that is what Jace had intended.
If not, he would feel the push to go forward again.
He heard shouting and one of the voices was Bowie.
Kilen pulled his sword out of its sheath and the Auburn drew her bow waiting for something to round the corner.
A man, wet in shredded robes, slid to a stop in front of them.
His robes had extra folds and had been burned and ripped.
They hung on him like vines on a willow tree.
Kilen saw Mica face behind the tendrils of wet hair.
When he saw Kilen he held out his hands but no attack came.
It was you.
Again, he tried to push his wind magic at Kilen but he had no power.
Jace held the wind and Mica thought it was Kilen.
Behind Mica, Bowie emerged with three of the fire wizards and his bow.
He released an arrow and hit his mark.
The arrow point exited Mica shoulder out the front and sprayed blood on the ice like stones of the street.
The wizard collapsed and wailed.
Kilen held out a hand for Bowie to stop.
Bowie lowered his bow but shouted, He caused the storm.
Kilen shook his head, No, I caused the storm.
I was keeping him away from us.
Bowie took a step back in shock.
A gentle breeze gave Kilen the hint that he was correct in his assumption.
Mica growled from the ground, A Chaos Storm is not to be used.
Alexander, your master, taught you that.
Brent and Alexander rounded a corner.
I did not teach him not to use it.
I did however, tell him it was very dangerous.
It looks as though he has found the safe way to use it from a distance.
He smiled at Kilen as he approached.
Although, you could have let me come and aid you.
I would like to have been near you when you spoke the words.
Alexander smiled, You know, you are infuriatingly hard to track down, my boy.
Kilen laughed at seeing all the people safe, even happier seeing more wizards there to help him.
Twilix curtsied to the wind wizard and stepped between him and Kilen, bringing him back to the urgency of their mission.
Your majesty, my husband, we still have gates to close if you are still to have a city or a neck by morning.
Hurriedly, they ran through the city empty streets reflecting the moon light causing weird shadows as it was split by the stones.
Kilen remembered the city from when he was little, but it was filled with people then.
Stores were open, signs hung, peddlers, drunks, and thugs walked every corridor.
Now it was empty of anything but the shadows that swam through the walls of ice.
Kilen rounded a corner and almost ran into a woman being followed by two children.
The woman in a dirty dress dropped to the ground and Kilen immediately went to help her up.
She fought Kilen and his imbued strength until Twilix laid a hand on his arm,She is bowing to her king.
The woman looked back at the kids and motioned them down to bow as well.
Kilen shook his head trying to wrap his thoughts around this behavior.
Inside, he was still a farm boy.
Stand, please stop that.
Are their any others.
Yes, your majesty.
They are securing the gates.
She pointed down a street.
Kilen thanked her and ran the way she had indicated.
That was your new king.
See how he runs to the battle willing to fight beside your father.
the woman said.
Kilen almost tripped hearing the woman words, but there was a truth to what she spoke.
As they came closer to the outer city walls Kilen began to distinctly hear Pete voice giving orders.
When he finally came into view he saw a flood of people.
They tapped each other, drawing the crowds attention.
Slowly, the crowd behind the gate clasped their fists to their chests and kneeled.
Kilen walked amongst them until he came to Pete, kneeling next to his wife and son.
You have sealed this gate.
Kilen asked.
Yes, sire.
Pete said, still kneeling.
Stand, Master Bradley.
Is the other gate sealed as well.
It is, my lord.
You have control of the city for the time being.
They sent about two hundred after us.
We think they only had one wielder with them.
Good.
Where is Sergeant Wells.
Kilen said pulling Leroy up from his kneeling position.
With his shirt covered in blood, Leroy spoke, He lead the attack on the second gate once this one was sealed.
He has sent two men back to report.
Leroy pointed at two boys with swords and chainmail too large for their bodies.
Perhaps you would like to look for yourself from the tower.
Kilen shook his head.
If the gates are closed, I want everyone to get the women and children into these buildings and to safety.
We need to keep guard on the gates until we can see the other side of the bridges in the morning.
Leroy nodded and began spreading the word.
Pete finally stood, still looking down at the woman on the litter.
She had an arrow in her chest.
His eyes were filled with tears as he looked up at Kilen, Thank you, sire.
Kilen shook his head and tried to comfort the man patting his shoulder, I am sorry her life was taken.
Pete cleared his throat, No, sire.
Her dying wish was to see the castle one last time.
You have given her that wish.
Although, I did not want her to die with an arrow to the chest, it was a quick and honorable death.
Kilen did not understand, but wiped the tears from his own eyes and tried to pretend as if he did understand.
The man wife had just died and he was thanking Kilen, while crying tears of joy.
Chapter Reborn Most of Leviathan did not sleep through the night, instead they sat along the building walls and talked about the future.
Some ventured into the city streets looking for prospective homes.
Kilen waited by the gate with Twilix, accepting thanks from those native to Keepers.
Kilen listened to mothers telling their children stories about the city and how their parents had met.
He listened to the joy coming from the people who had returned to their former homes.
Fathers walked the battlements in shifts.
Some men returned with fish from fishing in small pools within the city.
Kara and the other fire wizards provided heat to cook them while master Bradley took up the spices in his vest and did what he did best.
Kilen watched Bowie and Auburn pace along the wall waiting to see something out in the moonlight.
Kilen had wandered up to the battlements but could barely see halfway to shore.
Bowie walked back and forth, often glancing down at Kara.
When he was asked what he was doing, he responded he was making sure she was safe.
Kilen did nott know anything safe about playing with fire, but somehow it looked natural for Kara.
Finding himself alone for a moment, Kilen found his way down a side street and into an alleyway.
Before turning into an empty tavern he saw a cloak around the corner behind him.
Who is it.
Kilen called out.
Leroy stepped out and walked down the alley closer to him.
I am sorry.
I just wanted to make sure you were safe.
It is okay, Leroy.
You have been looking out for me since we left Keepers and I appreciate everything you have done for me.
Actually, I want you to keep doing it for me.
At least until I can build a proper replacement.
Then you can go with Izabel to finish building your inn.
Leroy smiled, What do you want me to do.
I want you to watch my back.
I need you to keep your ears and eyes open for anything that could help or hurt me.
I will send my elementals to talk with you and gather that information and give you tasks to carry out.
Everything you do must be discreet, no one must know you are working for me.
It would be far too dangerous for others to know.
Kilen looked up and down the alleyway as if a spy would jump out of the shadows.
He felt like the empty city was watching him.
A wind gusted past him, urging him inside.
For now, wait out here and make sure no one wanders inside.
I need a few moments alone.
Leroy nodded and took a seat on the steps.
Joahna, in his winged form, stood just beyond the door and closed it behind them.
Before Kilen spoke, Joahna motioned him up the stairs to the second floor in a room with no windows.
Kilen spoke into the darkness, I have no idea what to do now.
You are doing what you are supposed to do.
Give these people meaning and purpose.
As long as you sit in the throne, people here will come to help you.
Kilen still did not know if it would be enough, but he trusted Joahna so he nodded his head.
Now then, Jace has spoken with Max.
After first light, go the wall and he will be at the bridge to rejoin us.
We do not want others to see him walk into the city without you there first.
Kilen nodded.
Jace says the Earth Realm army is broken and is attempting to retreat.
Max fought the majority of the soldiers and broke them.
They have wielders that can heal the men, but it will take time, Joahna said.
Kilen paced inside the building, By the time they heal there will be a larger army coming.
We need to act now and prepare for this battle.
You are correct.
Joahna stayed close to the walls muffled voices could be heard outside.
Word of your crowning will spread quickly.
You will have an army at your disposal soon as well.
We will need to find a way to gather them quicker.
If Atmos comes, we will be destroyed, Kilen said.
You will not be destroyed.
You will provail.
If you think any other way you have already lost, Joahna corrected.
Kilen reluctantly agreed, How many people of Keepers died.
Joahna did not answer specifically, Some.
The number does not matter.
If you are to truly take up the throne and fight for this land, you must come to the reality that men will die for you.
They will die and you must not be sorry.
Men like my brothers put their life on the line for the rest of the realm well being.
You must celebrate their sacrifice and not mourn the loss.
I have a lot to learn about being a king.
You need to go be a king now before someone grows suspicious.
You have those in your company that will help guide you in being the king you need to be.
Listen to them and we will be there to aid you in the best way we know how.
Remember that you are in more than one place at a time.
Kilen nodded and walked out the door.
Turning back he spoke to Joahna, Stay with me for now.
Kilen strode through the streets back to the gate where most of the new residents congregated.
He pushed his shoulders back and walked as strongly as he could.
The people looked at him and he felt like they noticed the change in his confidence.
He walked directly to Pete, Master Bradley, I have already waited too long to take charge of this castle.
I need to start appointing those around me to positions.
We need to get to work.
The large cook nodded his head.
Master Bradley, will you resume your position as the Kitchen Master.
Kilen asked.
My lord.
The large cook looked around as if confused, I thought you might choose my son for Kitchen Master.
Kilen shook his head, I need someone with experience for now.
As for your son, I have other plans.
I will accept then, my lord.
He bowed.
Kilen did not waste a breath, I wish you to start appointing others as you know their skills best.
Anyone working directly in the castle needs to have a room to live here until we start running out of rooms for nobles.
I need Wells here, quickly.
The chef bowed and started shouting orders.
Men scrambled and scattered into the city.
The fat chef walked around writing down names and titles on a scroll as Kilen waited.
Twilix came to him, What is it you are doing.
I do not want to wait until the sun rises to begin saving the people of this realm.
If we do, we have waited to long.
She patted his chest lovingly, It is ok to rest for a day.
He gave her no response but continued to look at the people beginning their work.
To help you rest, I will help you with whatever task needs doing.
I am the Queen after all.
Brent appeared behind her and cleared his throat before speaking, Your Majesty.
Kilen directed his attention to Brent as Twilix moved to stand beside him.
I see that you are starting to appoint people to positions in the realm.
I am not well versed in the ways of an advisor, so I cannot perform that job.
I am however, prepared to offer my support as a councilman.
If you will have me.
Twilix said.
Ria stepped up beside him, As soon as possible I should like to return to my life of traveling.
However, seeing that it will be some time until you can receive a proper councilman for the earth seat, I offer my experience.
I accept both of you on the council.
Can an Elder take a councilman seat.
Brent spoke with a certain proudness to his voice, If the Elders have a rule against it, I do not know it.
Very well.
as soon as Alexander returns I shall ask him to take up the seat.
I will begin taking recommendations for the Fire Realm seat.
Twilix placed her hands on her hips, You are not going to choose your sister.
Her eyes displayed a wrath he had seen a couple months ago when he disobeyed her.
She does not have the experience to sit in a council seat.
He said, trying to look past the demanding eyes of the queen.
Twilix bowed deep, Of course.
How did I not see it, my lord.
We would not want a wizard in a council seat with no experience, or a man on a throne for that matter.
Wait, did not she awaken before you became a weapon bearer.
Brent laughed then cleared his throat as he stepped back.
Sorry, this is nothing I should be privy to.
Ria had no problem staying to listen to his response.
Yes, well I suppose I can trust her word over the others.
I will accept her as a councilwoman until someone more experience can be trusted, Kilen said giving in.
Twilix let her hands off her hips and put her arm around his, I am glad to see you honor her.
I will be taking your advisor seat until when or if we can find someone else to replace me to better fill the role.
Kilen nodded and gave in.
He would likely never hear the end of it if he had chosen another anyway.
All the seats are filled.
I must now see to the army.
All three nodded their head in agreeance and turned to Wells.
Kilen started to pull off his armor.
Twilix looked confused and started to help him.
Brent and Ria graciously held onto the pieces he gave out.
Captain Wells, I need a blade, Kilen said.
Before he could turn around, five blades were being unsheathed and handed to Wells.
Forgive me my lord, you said Captain Wells.
I am not a Captain.
I made a promise to you a few months ago.
I told you that if we ever met again that I would face you.
Today is that day, and when we are done you will lead my forces.
Sire, I cannot face you.
Captain, you will face me or you will be banished from Leviathan.
I want you to face me so you know you have what it takes to be a weapon bearer.
Kilen stepped in close, taking a sword from one of the men extending theirs outward.
If you think I lack in skill of the sword you have some things to learn.
Kilen turned to Twilix who stepped forward.
Kilen has trained with King Atmos best scout, defeated his Champion, and is the only human student to be trained by a Kapal.
He is worthy of a blade, Captain, Twilix said.
Kilen nodded his head, I have also trained with the Crimson.
Do you know who the Crimson are.
The Captain shook his head.
Then you need to learn about the possible enemies we face as part of your new duties.
The Crimson are a group of warriors in the Fire Realm.
They are the men appointed to protect the king and queen.
Their best warrior is chosen to serve as king.
I have trained with them before King Atmos deceived and tried to destroy them.
Pick up your blade or be thrown over the wall.
Kilen, Twilix said, drawing his attention.
Surely you do not mean to banish him if he will not fight you.
Kilen smiled at her and nodded his head, providing confidence.
Turning to Wells he said, It would be a shame to lose such a great soldier and friend.
There are only so many men I can trust now.
You once gave me advice not to let anyone hold my sword.
You told me to keep all of my imbuements away from others.
You did not take offense when after that, I hid them high in a tree.
I trust you, Captain.
All I want to do is start my reign by fulfilling the promises I have given.
Today, I start with yours.
The newly appointed captain hefted his sword.
It was not a fine piece of work but looked identical to what the other men that stood around were wielding.
The blade Kilen now had looked to be made by the same smith.
Wells took a step back and raised his sword, waiting for the first attack.
Kilen took his warrior pose, sword in his dominate hand, his feet shoulder width apart and knees bent.
Just as Wells had taught him.
They began the dance as Wells attacked with an overhead strike stepping towards Kilen.
Kilen batted the blade away and stepped to his left, causing Wells to step to his left and turn.
The give and take of the fight lasted only a few moments as the two soldiers spared in the middle of the streets.
The blades clashed and the noise they made bounced off the walls.
The sounds added intensity to Kilen emotions and made him push harder.
Men had fought and died for him just beyond the gate they now beside.
Kilen wanted a fight.
He wanted to fight the men that killed the people of Keepers because a unjustly king had ordered it.
He knew deep down the only thing he could do was train Wells to do what he could not do as king fight on a battlefield.
Unfortunately, he was a king now and no matter how far he pushed Wells, the man would not strike him.
Kilen waited for the man to lift his blade and when he did, Kilen lunged at him with his sword over his head.
Kilen shoulder met Wells chest.
The captain tumbled back and dropped his blade as he landed.
The new king stood over him, You will practice with me everyday.
Each day, to make you better so you can make our army better.
Captain Wells, Council, Wife.
He turned so everyone knew he was speaking to them.
His voice was loud and bounced off the empty street is walls.
There is a war coming.
We must prepare for the Earth Realm attack and for what must come after.
Together we will make the Water Realm stronger than it has ever been.
Together we will save this land from destruction.
The crowd clapped and Kilen stepped off towards the city walls.
Those in his path knelt down and crossed their fist against their chest.
He smiled and began climbing the tower.
He was happy, and he felt like he was finally learning to be a king.
The sky had become lighter, turning a dark orange over the mountain ridge to the north.
When he reached the top of the tower, a large blob of dirt grew arms and legs and walked upon the bridge.
Raise the gate.
he commanded.
Far below, Wells echoed his orders and men scurried to lift the gate.
When it was no more than a finger length from the ground, Max slipped under it, leaving no dirt behind.
Lower the gate.
he commanded again.
The gate lowered and he looked out on the lake searching for the army that Max had fought last night.
He saw only a few signs of burnt trees or torn ground from where Max had fought the army single handedly.
Max, in a smaller form, joined Kilen and Joahna on the tower.
They were alone on its battlements and Jace pushed past, nearly knocking Kilen over.
Where Max had fought, stood a creature made of stone so perfect that it looked to be a statue made by a master artisan.
It stood the height of two houses, and three times that in length, not counting the pointed tail wiggling in the air.
The beast had wings made of sections and a neck and face like that of a serpent.
Kilen had never seen such a creature in all his life.
What is that.
Kilen asked straining to see the statue.
Max leaned in, It is a dragon.
They roam the deserts in packs.
They look fearsome and are one of the largest creatures I know He cut off as Kilen turned his head to the sound of footsteps coming up the staircase.
Twilix emerged from the square hole in the center of the tower roof, My lord.
What should we do now.
I do not see any signs that the army will attack today, Kilen said, looking out into the distance.
