It is just, I think I will hold on to them as long as possible.
I have a bit of coin saved up of my own from helping Bowie hunt.
I still want to go on my journey, but I do not want to sell a piece of my father history just for my own adventure.
It is your choice son, but let me warn you that the jewelry is dangerous to hold on to.
Once the magic is restored it will enhance the wearer strength and stamina, but will make you stubborn.
It alters the way you would normally go about your day.
Others will want them, so keep them a secret or you shall bring unwanted problems to yourself.
The elemental rings can change a guard status, the wealth of a town, or even give the strength for an old man to keep plowing his field long after he should have stopped.
Everyone will be tempted by those.
Even those in our town will want them.
That is why I give them to you just before you leave.
Kilen turned the rings over a few more times before looking up to his mother.
I will keep them safe, he said flatly.
He looked at the sword that was wrapped in leather before getting up from the table to head into his room.
He had wasted enough time.
The best of the town supplies had surely been sold to the peddlers by now.
Kilen would have to buy the scraps or buy from the peddlers at a higher price.
He went to his room and pulled up a floor board, like his dad had taught him, and pulled his coin purse from underneath.
From his hunting and his mother three crowns he now had about twenty three crowns worth of gold.
This will be enough to get me halfway to Kelten and the Earth King if I wanted.
In his mind he assured himself it would be enough.
He snatched his coin purse, put it in his pocket with the velvet pouch, and ran for the door.
He stopped and glanced at his father sword still in its sheath, and then turned and ran toward Humbridge.
Springfest is the one day of celebration in Humbridge all year but Bowie could not drink to passing out.
He had a coin purse busting at the seams from the quick sale of the stag and his arrow supplies, and he had nothing he needed to buy.
Daniel would drink his share for him and all Bowie had to do was get the barkeep to keep his friend mug full.
Bowie was only here to hear the news from the King messenger.
Bowie listened intently sitting at the bar with Daniel, his back to the rest of the tavern.
The Mayor, Chester Bingham, his son Chit, and the messenger sat at the hearth talking about the year taxes.
The messenger read from a book, The year taxes shall be paid in full with a town person voluntary entry into the king military arms for a period of no less than one year.
If that person resides for an additional year, taxes will be cut in half for that town.
If no volunteers are present in a village, they shall pay a price of no less than twenty gold for the upkeep and protection of the Earth King military.
The messenger looked up from the book, have read what I have been asked.
Do you have a volunteer this year.
I will volunteer to serve the army for my village, Chit boasted.
He tipped up the mug, finished it, and called for another before he set it down on the table.
The small puffed up messenger stood, Great, you must present yourself to the wizard after the blessings.
Chit laughed loudly, You actually think someone from this town can afford to buy a blessing from the wizard.
Chit you will be respectful to the king man, Mayor Bingham demanded.
I will announce the wizard as I have done in past years.
Is there a name and title I could announce him with.
Your town will be graced by Water Wizard Twilix.
She will be here shortly.
Please arrange any ceremony now so she does not have to wait.
I will warn you, she is not what you would expect in a wizard.
Nonetheless, she is a wizard and a powerful one at that.
The mayor looked at the messenger a while before saying, We shall treat her as every other wizard we have received in the past, with the dignity and honor they deserve.
Please relay my heartfelt thanks to the King for sending us a water wizard.
It has been years since they have been seen this far into what was the Water Kingdom.
The messenger got up from his meal, grabbed his message book, and walked out the door for the next leg of his journey.
Bowie knew he would keep traveling all night, stopping at every city to gather money for the King army.
He would not stop until he reached the ocean.
The wizard would come and accept money for giving blessings to the town people.
Wizards could set their own prices, but were not allowed by the King to imbue any armor or any weapon.
These blessings were the reason for the Springfest celebration.
The cities would get to hear news from their King and see a powerful wizard.
Bowie decided he had nothing more of interest to learn here in the pub and could stop spending his money on Daniel ale.
Let is get out of here and find Kilen.
He will want to know about Chit leaving.
Bowie whispered to his inebriated friend.
As he stood up, he was knocked from his feet landing face down on the freshly swept tavern floor.
He got up red faced, covered in ale and tobacco spit.
Standing in front of Chit, he stood a head and half taller than Bowie and twice as wide.
Chit was the Mayor son.
He had grown up a privileged and provided life.
His father was a pompous and gloating man, and Chit was no different.
Chit was one of the largest men in town and used his strength to pinch women bottoms and beat down any man that might try and protect them.
He had been known to drink his fill and then some on his father tab.
He thought that because his father was Mayor, he would run the town one day.
Bowie guessed that today would be a rude awakening for Chit.
What did you say about me, pretty boy.
I do not like people talking behind my back in my town.
Especially on my big day.
Now tell me what you said so I can use that shirt of yours to clean my boots before I leave.
Daniel finished his ale slammed his mug down and stood up.
He spoke softly with his back toward Chit.
You are one to talk.
Look at the pretty green shirt you are wearing.
Did your mother pick that out for you to impress the messenger boy.
I am sure hed like a kiss.
If you hurry I bet you could catch up to him.
Daniel turned to face Chit.
They were about the same size, but Daniel had worked in his father stables his whole life and did not receive much school.
He often only wore his leather vest as not to dirty his wool shirts.
He spent his days tossing grain, loading mules, and fetching saddles.
His build was as solid as stone.
He had been kicked enough times that the entire town knew just how tough he was.
No one wanted to get into a brawl with him.
Chit stood eye to eye with a wavering Daniel and then straightened his jacket.
He gave one glance to Bowie, warning him not to get in the way, and walked out the tavern door.
Bowie wiped off his shirt.
He would have to change before the wizard showed up and the dancing started.
He helped steady his friend as they made their way for the door.
The town was the busiest it was going to be all year with festivities and selling of their wares.
Kilen had already been stopped to ask how he managed to get so close to a deer to wrestle with it.
Another gentleman asked him if he had to run it down before snapping its neck.
Bowie had obviously worked quickly.
Bowie could not be found at the butchers so Kilen knew his next stop would be the tavern to spread rumors.
When he approached the front stoop, a man in a green riding suit with black polished boots came out of the tavern, followed by the Mayor.
Kilen watched as he mounted and brought his horse to a canter through the town main road.
He turned back to see Chit come out upset about something.
The look on his face was murderous.
Kilen turned to avoid Chit is gaze.
He did not need any humiliation today, he already had one near death experience.
Chit passed him and Kilen turned back towards the tavern and saw Bowie leading Daniel out.
Bowie smiled and stuck his chin out at Chit, and Kilen knew the reason for Chit is angry face.
Hey Daniel, who was the guy in green.
The messenger for the King.
Chit is finally leaving for the King army.
Bowie was always ready to let Kilen know of any good news he had heard about Chit.
He only been saying it for two years now.
I guess he finally run off enough of the local girls that he needs a new playground.
Kilen waved off what Bowie had said.
He would not believe that Chit was leaving till he watched him ride out of town.
Daniel, does your Dad have that horse, the one that could pull the carts forever.
My dad sold off the entire stock, apart from what we use for breeding.
You might be able to buy some from the peddler if he has a mind to sellem but I heard him saying he could get twice as much in the next town.
I am sure he right too.
That was a good bunch of horses.
I am not gonna have anything to do around here for a while, Daniels speech was slurred as he spoke.
Bowie spoke before he could even finish, There nothing of any worth left except farm supplies.
You better just plan on picking up stuff in Basham.
I am sure that the peddlers could not cart off everything in a city like that.
Bowie knew what Kilen was thinking and spoke before he could get his question out.
You can borrow what you need from me for the travel in the morning.
Kilen seemed to come out of his self loathing about having a horse to ride, or having all the supplies he needed so he was free to explore Basham without having to collect supplies.
Chit leaving, eh.
Too bad it had to happen the day before I leave.
I would have enjoyed running the town with him gone.
Kilen smiled at the other two, and they nodded in agreement and smiled back.
Daniel tried to stand a little taller, I guess that means I will have to hold things down until you get back.
That will give me at least something to do.
The rest of the town was now gathering in the city square.
Shouts were being given by the mayor and boys had been sent off in all directions yelling that the festival was about to begin.
Master Jay could be seen bringing up the schoolhouse children.
Kara was there with a blue ribbon in her hair.
Bowie passed Daniel off to Kilen and went to change his clothes, and Daniel updated Kilen on all that had taken place that day.
Soon Bowie returned in a whole different outfit, just as shiny and expensive as the last.
This one matched the red feather in his hat.
They leaned Daniel up against a lantern pole, took a couple steps and looked back to see three girls pulling on his big arms to help him to his feet.
He smiled and used a hand to wave them on.
Seeing him well taken care of, Kilen made his way towards the front of the pavilion where a low stage had been set up.
On the stage was a table and chair, a covered plate of food and closed bottle of wine for the wizard.
The wizard often ate while town ceremonies were conducted.
The food kept them moving throughout the night and day until they could reach the ocean.
Kilen told the mayor that he had wished to speak to the wizard about a blessing, and the mayor jotted it down with a handful of other requests.
The mayor spoke with as much voice as he could muster, Soon we will be visited by the Honorable Wizard of Water Twilix.
Directly after that festivities will start.
You can find the tavern loaded with thirteen different types of ale, six kinds of wine, and as a house special, mountain deer.
The mayor waited for applause to subside and looked in Kilen direction twice, holding his hands out as if he had brought the deer personally.
I would ask that everyone just wave to the wizard.
Do not overwhelm her with handshakes or questions.
We have received news from the world to share, and I am sure it will reach your ear soon enough.
The sky darkened a little and the air seemed to thicken.
Kilen was not sure if anyone else noticed.
As the moments passed, it became more evident that the weather was changing rapidly, but there was no wind to bring this change.
The mayor looked up the road, fidgeting with his vest and tie.
He moved to Chit and urged him to stand.
Gather in now closer, closer, the wizard comes to our humble town, the mayor said.
The weather was changing too fast now.
The fog appeared but did not roll in or blow in, it seemed to come up around the towns folk.
As if the movement of their feet had caused fog to stir instead of dirt.
It was so thick now that Kilen could only see the first six rows of people gathered around the stage.
He could hear the sound of galloping hooves as they approached at a great speed.
The sound echoed off the buildings and started a panic amongst the townsfolk.
The sound of the horse seemed to be coming right at the gathered crowd in front of the stage.
If the horse and rider did not slow down someone would get trampled.
Townsfolk began to get frightened and were moving away from the sound of the approaching horse.
People started pushing, and then shoving others from their way.
The mayor shouted over them to be calm and to stay where they were.
The Shouting was to no avail.
She appeared out of the fog on a small black horse with a white patch on its forehead.
The horse and rider did not seem to notice anyone in the way as she rode the only safe path through the crowd to the front of the stage.
Kilen had realized that he was standing in front of her horse frozen again, just as he had been in front of the stag.
She wore a crisp white riding cloak with waves crashing on the shore embroidered across the front.
The hood was pulled deep over her face she leaned forward on her horse to hand Kilen the reigns and whispered into the horse ear.
Mind my horse while I am here, will you kind sir.
Her voice seemed to melt what fear he had and allowed his feet to move again.
He took the reins and lead the horse off to the side of the stage while the tiny girl talked to the mayor.
She took her seat and began eating the variety of cheeses, meats, and bread that were covering the table.
Township of Humbridge it is my pleasure to introduce Water Wizard Twilix, Mayor Bingham shouted so that all could hear.
Kilen noticed that the fog had lifted so that he could now see the entire town square.
The buildings at the edge of the square were still barely visible.
It was if the fog was a dome covering the square protecting them from the outside world.
He questioned himself Is it protecting us or looming over us.
He noticed he was not the only one looking at the strange dome.
Chit now stood in front of the wizard with fists on his hips trying to do his best to impress her.
She continued to eat her meal until he was finished talking.
She stood up and pulled back her hood revealing shoulder length golden hair, and raised her bright green eyes to meet Chit is.
Sit down boy, she told him.
Kilen knew that this was to be Chit is big day.
Oh, how that would anger him.
Soon Chit backed away and she remained standing but spoke to the Mayor, I will start with the blessings now Mr.
Bingham.
Kilen Everheart, present your request to the wizard, the Mayor flourished at the sound of his own voice.
Please Mr.
Bingham just have them line up to receive their blessings.
I do not have time for all the theatrics.
As you wish, he directed his attention back to the town.
If you have a request for blessing, lineup here on the stage to receive yours.
Kilen made his way up to the stage and stood just to the side of the table.
He reached into his vest and pulled out the purple velvet pouch and poured the rings into his hand.
He placed them on the table and asked quietly, I wish to have my father earth rings restored to power.
The wizard took them in her small hands and turned them over checking for the earth symbol on the inside of them.
She stood and walked around the table to stand in front of Kilen.
She was short and had a small frame to match.
The more he looked the more he thought of her as a child.
In fact he was sure that she was a child, only a couple years younger than he was now but still not an adult.
She reminded him of his little sister still wearing a blue ribbon in her hair.
I can restore them for you, but I will charge you nothing for the service.
They belong to you and I cannot ask you to pay for something that you already own.
She spoke only to him, but the people nearest the stage soon began to whisper she was not charging for blessings.
If they did not stop soon there would be the entire village lined up for blessings and maybe a riot.
He had a quick thought to pay her anyways.
He instead took three gold coins out of his coin purse, and handed them to her.
The whispers seemed to stop, she noticed the entire village watching, waiting for her to reject the coins.
She turned her focus back on the rings in her hand and for a moment he thought he saw her eyes turn blue and back to green.
Where did you get this gold sir.
I saved it, from hunting, and working in the town.
My father gifted some of it to me so that I could start my journey in life, which I start today.
I will be headed to Deuterium to study in the great libraries.
I want to become a scholar.
He felt comfortable to speak to her, and wondered if it was that way with all wizards or if it was a magic spell like the fog dome.
She turned towards the village.
Kilen, she looked at him making sure she got the name correct has asked me to bless the entire town using money he has saved working for you.
He has hunted and worked among you, and was gifted some money by his father and now he spends it willingly for blessings on this town.
So because I am feeling the spirit of his actions, I am going to bless these children closest to me on stage.
The three youngest only please, mayor, please see to them brought forward.
Also, I am going to provide your town with three water rocks.
If you drop them in the wells at the edge of the city your town will find that they will not have to re dig any of the wells in the town for at least two years.
These rocks will provide as much water as you need for that time and the magic will begin to dissipate after that.
You should all find and thank him for the selfless act performed on your behalf.
Cheers rose from the towns folk, and she took three stones from her pouch and held them in her hand.
He was sure he saw her eyes turn blue once again.
The rocks in her hand were already trickling water onto the stage.
The mayor brought a bucket and placed the rocks inside.
Kilen looked around at the cheering crowd as she began blessing the babies brought forward.
She still had his rings on the chain in her pocket and held up a finger for him to wait.
Kilen stood at the back of the stage and waited looking over at Chit, who now was bright red with fury.
His big day was now in shambles.
His glory had been reduced to that of a simple man leaving town.
Never had our town been blessed with any enchantments, or not to have paid taxes ever before.
In a year time the town would prosper and grow.
The towns folk would not have to scrimp and save every copper.
They could afford to fill bathing tubs as much as they wanted with water from the wells.
The blessings were finished and she came to Kilen and held the rings in her hand.
Have you ever held a magic filled item before Kilen.
No, he said flatly.
Prepare to have your emotions altered and try and walk steady off the stage.
I would not want you to look a fool, now that you are a hero to this town.
Please use this strength wisely.
You could work longer and harder than any other normal man now.
She dropped the rings into his hand.
Kilen almost felt himself jump off the ground, a rush of strength entered his body making him feel as light as a cloud.
He felt as if someone had just lifted a pile of wood off his back when he was trying to go up a flight a stairs.
He was without weight.
No he had weight.
It was just so small in comparison to what he had before the rings.
Kilen felt as if he could run leagues and not be tired.
In some small way he knew that he could.
She was right he thought.
It would take some getting used to this new found strength.
He now found it hard to move the slightest muscle without big movements.
The effect was dizzying.
He tried to open his vest to put the rings inside, but it looked as though he tried to rip his vest off.
As he dropped the rings inside the pocket, the effect vanished and Kilen almost fell under the effects of his own normal weight.
Very good, use those wisely.
I shall not like to hear you mistreating a very powerful gift.
Thank you, I will not.
She held out her hand and in her palm was a gold crown, he saw just before he shook her hand.
He returned his hand and the crown to his pocket and walked off stage.
The crowd was overcome with thanks and congratulations.
Kilen moved to the outside of the crowd near the edge to stand with Daniel and Bowie to watch the rest of the ceremony.
The crowd watched as she drank sparingly of the wine and took a bit of the food and wrapped it up to go into her pouch.
Bring me the volunteer for the king army.
Chit did not wait for his father to announce him as he stepped up to the wizard.
She took his name down on her list.
If you have any gifts you wish to send with your volunteer you may present them now.
The stable master, Daniel father, Dean Peter walked up to the stage with a large stallion with a saddle.
I have put grain and water skins in for you as your father asked.
This is his present to you.
Chit nodded at his father but did not say thank you.
Twilix bunched her eyebrows in confusion and then wrote something on her register next to his name.
Through the crowd Kilen saw his mother pressing towards the stage.
He wondered what kind of gift that she could present Chit that would be of some help in the next year.
She got to the top of the stage and presented the leather bound pouch that held his father sword.
His mind raced as he screamed inside, She can not give him that its dad.
He tried to calm himself and gave the excuse that maybe she replaced it with a cheaper sword off the peddler.
Chit un wrapped the leather binding to reveal the sword, turned it in his hand, and strapped it on as if it was just another toy.
That was exactly what the sword looked like, a toy and oddly out of place.
Any more gifts for Chit.
Twilix yelled out.
No one stepped forward to offer any gifts.
No wonder with the appreciation he had given out.
Twilix turned to Chit, Well hurry along, get going.
She did not even let him finish mounting his new horse before shouting orders at Chit.
You go straight to your king and report to the captain of the guard for duty.
Do not stop to drink ale.
do not stop to doddle with a girl.
If I catch up to you on my way back to the castle, you will report to me every day for hard labor until I am satisfied you can follow orders better.
You have a horse which is more than others.
If you should find others on their way to the King, help them.
He had finished mounting his horse and arranging himself then looked up at the wizard.
GO.
she shouted, not letting him revel in any honor.
The whole town watched him run the workhorse out of town.
After he was gone Twilix wasted no time, she mounted her own horse waved to everyone.
The fog came faster this time clinging to the wizard.
The sound of her horse running on the towns cobble streets was the only sound they heard.
Kilen could barely see his hands when he held them in front of his face.
The fog lifted as quickly as it had come, and she was gone.
Chit was gone too, with his father sword.
The mayor did not miss the opportunity to strike up the local musicians.
The dancing started in an area set aside for a large group of people.
Kilen was thanked left and right for his donation to the town.
He was also questioned three more times about the deer he had surprise attacked out of a bush No, jumped out of a tree on top of No, lured him into a cave just to block the entrance and wrestle it.
His mind was focused on getting to the dance floor where he could talk to his mother.
His body moved with stiffness, still not use to its own weight, as if he had lived his entire life being lighter than a feather.
He only had the ring on for a few moments but it was enough that his body seemed foreign.
Kilen walked to the middle of the dance floor and turned around in circles, looking for his mother.
His mood must have shown on his face, Several girls came to dance and turned around with the short look he gave them.
Then he saw her, she smiled at him when she approached.
No one will dance with you with a look like that on your face, not even if you talk sweetly to them.
Why did you give Chit the sword.
You know how I hate him.
My father sword will be forever tainted by his hand.
He will probably sell it off at the first chance.
He spat the words at her.
He had never been so mad at her in his entire life.
You did not even give me a chance to protect it and honor it until dad could return.
What if dad has need of it.
The dance area had become quiet because of Kilen shouting at his mother.
He looked around slightly embarrassed, and the townsfolk slowly started dancing again.
She considered him quietly before speaking, I did this for precisely that reason.
The sword is not for you to care for.
I saw the way you looked at it Kilen.
You would have returned and taken it with you.
Maybe not tonight, or tomorrow, but someday in a fit of fury you would have stolen it for your own whims.
I had to do everything in my power to prevent you from becoming a soldier, which was your fathers wish, I remind you.
I honor it now.
Hate me for it if you wish, but it will not change my mind.
Sahara walked away with a single tear running down her face, and he stood watching as she left the festival.
He felt bad for the way he had spoken to her, but a larger hatred burned because Chit was carrying his father sword.
The sword was supposed to be passed to him at the proper age of becoming a man.
He then remembered the rings in his pocket, the thought came to him in a flash, and then a plan formed.
He could get it back, buy it or take it from Chit.
Chit was no longer the strongest man in Humbridge.
He pulled the rings out of his pocket, this time ready for the onset of strength.
As soon as his fingers touched the metal chain, he felt the power surge through him.
He tried to take a few careful steps before letting the rings fall back into his pocket.
The dancing people whirled around him.
Being strengthened, he felt as if he would surely hurt someone.
He had to get out of the crowd before he used the power in the rings.
He was stopped just at the edge of the clearing by his sister.
She had prospects lined up to dance, and in the next couple years she would probably have found a betrothed from the town.
Their parents obviously had pushed them to dance with her.
They were all standing together looking at her, and back at their parents, hoping to be called off.
Please go dancing and have some fun.
I have something I need to do, Kilen told her.
Wait, I want to dance with you first.
She held tightly onto my arm as she begged.
He knew she would not let him go without an explanation.
He hung his head, sighed, and decided to tell her the truth.
I am going to chase down Chit and get dad sword back.
I think it would be what dad wanted.
I am leaving for Basham tonight to catch up to him.
I will not have time to come back tomorrow.
I do not think that mother is happy with me anyway.
I have already said goodbye to her, he lied.
I love you, and I will write to you soon.
He hugged her and made his way to a peddler still manning his cart is.
I need a weapon please, any sword or knife you have.
He said nervously breathing hard, preparing for what the run would take out of him to catch up.
I will have to see if I can find one, not sure as I have any weapons.
Not much call for a peddler to sell a weapon.
Say.
You are not going to start a fight here tonight are ya.
Sir, I assure you that I have no problems with anyone in this town tonight.
My problem is headed for another town this night.
Well, in that case I have this long knife here.
It costs two silver.
Kilen tossed two silver into the peddler hand and tied the long knife onto his belt.
He drew the blade.
It was sharp and not polished but it would serve its purpose if he was forced to that.
As he made his way to the town edge, he passed fewer and fewer people.
Those he did pass were sitting on porches or in windows being too old to participate in the dance.
He decided he should probably start getting use to the ring magic effect.
He stopped and put the chain around his neck, letting the rings fall inside his shirt.
He could feel the power.
At first he walked, then jogged, then he tried to run.
His body lurched forward as if he had jumped instead.
His body left the ground and his legs moved too fast, touching only air.
His leg continued to move as if he was trying to run in the air.
He wheeled his arms around trying to keep his balance but instead, landed on his chest in the middle of a cobblestone street.
He only managed to keep his head from hitting the stones.
Standing up, he noticed the impact had torn his shirt and cut his hands and knees.
He now looked like a beggar covered with dirt and clothes ripped to shreds.
He did not care what he looked like.
He had only one task in the world, and that was to catch Chit.
Kilen started again, at first trying to run then leaping one leg at a time.
He was now moving faster than he thought could be possible.
Bowie tried again and again to pry at least one girl from Daniel, but the competition for him had already begun.
The girls would not give Bowie a second glance, even though he was the one who provided the wine for this celebration under the lantern pole.
Kara came running up looking worried.
Kilen went after Chit, to get that sword.
He stopped at the peddler and bought a knife, I watched him.
He is going to get himself killed.
You have to help me stop him.
Bowie laughed as she finished, Did he get a horse to ride, or does he plan on running the whole way to Basham.
Not running, LEAPING.
He was jumping so fast I could not keep up with him.Bowie was shocked by the thought.
How.
Bowie replied, still skeptical.
I do not know.
He moving fast and we do not have much time to wait.
Kara was picking at her braid.
He had always noticed she did that when she was nervous, usually when Kilen and him were pranking someone.
Bowie could tell that she was truly concerned.
I will load up Charger.
I should be able to catch him before he gets too far, and I will bring him back so he can finish the celebration.
Bowie started to walk away.
No you will not.
You will take me with you so I can make sure he safe.
He does not plan on coming home to say goodbye.
Bowie shook his head no, but before he could say anything she spoke again and louder.
You will take me with you, or I will tell the mayor that you took the nails out of Chit is new horse shoes.
That will keep you from leaving town for a couple weeks and you will not get to be with my brother at all.
Bowie considered her.
He did not need the trouble and neither did his dad shop.
He nodded in agreement.
He knew Charger was fast enough to catch up, even with two people on his back.
I will get my supplies and meet you at the stable behind my dad shop.
Kilen leapt for the better part of an hour, then slowed to a jog, then a walk.
He could not keep going like this.
He was not tired, as much as he was dehydrated.
To make things worse, he did not have any water with him.
His mouth was dry as dust.
It resulted in his slow dragging walk.
His lungs were on fire.
He felt like he had spent all day breathing in the smoke from the blacksmith furnace.
He knew if he did not get some water that he would die, but he could not stop his pursuit of Chit.
The desire burned in his chest.
It burned fiercer than the dry lungs, white hot.
The sun went down nearly an hour ago and no light was left on the horizon.
The moon had climbed halfway up the sky.
It was a bright night, probably a full moon, he thought.
Kilen could not recall the last time he took note of the moon.
There was only the blade, Chit, and water, in that order.
He fell to his knees and stopped to take a breath.
It hurt to breathe deeply.
If only it started raining he could drink while running, he thought.
Kilen felt his shirt and noticed that it was damp from sweat.
He had stopped sweating a little while before, and that was not a good sign.
He needed water.
He looked up at the night sky.
It was clear except for the moon.
The moon was bright, probably a full moon he thought again.
Chit is horse would make good time on a night like this.
He would not have to stop in fear of a broken hoof.
He would have gained distance on Kilen, but Kilen knew where he was headed, and he would eventually catch up.
That was if he ever got something to drink.
He tried to stand up and lost his balance.
He should have tried harder.
He was stronger with the power.
He thought himself invincible because of the magic still flowing in his veins keeping him alive when he should have stopped hours ago.
He saw the world dim around the edges of his vision until it went dark.
Where was the moon now.
He woke to the sounds of night.
The moon was bright in the sky, and he immediately returned to his quest, getting to Basham before Chit could get lost into the cities buildings.
He stood with great effort and remembered that he was very thirsty.
He thought that he should just get a drink from that river that the moon was reflecting off of, he would be fine.
Kilen stumbled like a drunkard off the cart worn path and into the brush.
The moon was bright, making it easier to see the water.
With the water this close, he wondered why he had not stopped before.
He chastised himself for not remembering to pack a water skin.
He could not shake the persistent hammering in his brain that he should be running, not wasting time trying to get a drink from the river.
He was very close to the water.
Despite the earth magic altering his mind to keep focused on Chit, he made his last few steps to the river for a couple swallows.
He could hear a horse along the path cantering down the road toward Basham.
He looked back to see two people riding a horse in the moonlight.
It was not Chit, so he continued on.
He walked to the water edge and fell into the water enough that half of his mouth was above water surface.
He drank deeply of the muddy water that his face had stirred up, and then he breathed, and repeated the process.
Slowly his brain came out of the clouded confusion it had been in.
He still felt the desire to get the sword, but he could make decisions on how to do it.
The ring had driven him to leave without gathering any supplies.
The moon was still not at its peak.
He knew he still might be able to catch Chit.
He thought Chit would have slowed his horse to a walk, not that it looked to be a runner anyway.
It was a long ride for any horse, and worse in the dark.
Kilen pushed himself up to his knees and moved further into the water.
He thought it would do him better if he could drink water that was not muddy if he could get far enough out.
The water started to pull him in but he was stronger than the current and dug into the mud.
With the new found strength he felt his skin cut against the rocks in the bank as his fingers grabbed for a hand hold.
Kilen drank more, and decided it would be best to wait for a little while before returning to run.
It did not take long for his full awareness to return.
Finally a solution came to him from his magical determination and his own logical thoughts.
This river ran just outside of Basham.
He should be able to swim in the river, letting the current do most of the work.
The city even had docks that came to the deepest part of the river that he could grasp onto to get out.
He wasted no time formulating the plan more.
He jumped from the bank into the middle of the river letting the full force of the river sweep him in.
He was now moving faster than he had been leaping down the worn road.
There was a fight to keep his head above the water, his new strength had no effect on his ability to fight the current.
It took him under and tossed him upside down.
He hit dead trees and rocks, losing his sense of direction of what was up or down.
His body had no foothold to push his strength against.
The power he wanted to relay on was next to useless.
Kilen felt his feet hit the bottom of the river, and instinctively jumped which provided for his strength to be used.
His upper body burst from the surface of the river as he breathed deep.
He began swimming as hard as he could downstream.
He went faster but more importantly his head stayed above the water.
Bowie rode with Kara up front.
It had taken time to gather his clothes, supplies, arrows, and put Chargers saddle back on.
They had made the entire ride a canter, the moon was bright enough for Charger to see.
Bowie let him pick his own path and pace.
The horse loved to run.
Trainers might think that it was cruel to run a horse like he was.
Bowie knew Charger was having the time of his life.
They had stopped a couple of times to walk so they could stay awake.
It also gave Charger a chance to breath and drink.
After the second time of her almost falling off he insisted she ride in front of him.
Kara had fallen asleep with the sway of the saddle while resting on Bowie back.
He let her sleep, as much as she could.
Perhaps they could find her a carriage ride back to Humbridge in the morning.
Bowie still had a ways to go.
He popped the cork out of a bottle of cherry wine, and nibbled on some of the cheese he had scraped together.
He heard a splash in the river coming from behind him, but kept going to make sure they could catch Kilen.
Kilen began to slow down in his swim to Basham, not because he was getting tired or that he was swimming slower.
The river was widening and it slowed to a crawl.
He could now see the approaching lights from the bonfires in Basham and the torches on the cities walls and buildings.
He felt his stomach tying itself in knots.
It was not the thirst that gnawed at him now, it was the hunger.
He decided that there was a lot to learn about using magic, and that most of it would be dangerous if learned on his own.
The hunger was really more of an afterthought.
He thought of Chit and the sword relentlessly.
He would have to keep fighting this eternal battle until he completed his quest or took off the rings.
The thoughts of what he would do when he found Chit consumed him.
He rehearsed the encounter to come, over and over, every scenario.
In some Kilen bought the sword back, some he had to fight Chit to the death.
As he neared Basham, Kilen could start to see the docks.
He swam nearer to that side of the river so that he could reach out and catch the piers posts.
He thought of everything he need to do, get a pack, some food, a water skin, and if he had time, a bigger blade.
He saw the piers coming closer.
He wished he could swim upriver to help slow him down, he had tried it earlier to make sure it would work but got pulled under by the current.
Kilen did not want to hit the posts at the full force of the current.
Hitting the cobblestones in Humbridge did not break any bones, but it still hurt like it should have.
He reached for the first pier support It was slippery and he only got a hand hold for a second, but it was enough to slow him in the water.
He reached for its pair and slipped off, but slowing even more.
At the third he swung his hand hard and sunk his fingers knuckle deep into wood.
He had used his strength to make his own handhold in the wood post.
The water swept over the top of him, dragging him down into the water again.
He did not let go, instead he reached his other hand up and slowly climbed the pier support using his legs underwater against the pole for strength.
He reached the floor of the pier and climbed up.
Wasting no time, Kilen gathered his thoughts and jogged into town.
Water sloshed off of him, as he passed the wharf master station and waved.
The guard gave him a look but did not try and stop him.
He made for the busiest part of the city, and soon found merchant stalls lining the streets.
They had brought their wares outside to sell.
Minstrels seemed to be on every street corner and people danced up and down the streets.
They wore bright colors, some wore masks, but everyone had a smile on their face, even the tavern thugs tapping the beat of the music with their cudgels.
Kilen found a stall selling leather packs, and water skins.
The price were what he would be paying in Humbridge, which surprised him since prices usually went up the later it was on springfest.
He bought two sticks of roasting meat, some cheese, a loaf of bread, and a sewing kit to fill the pack.
While filling the water skin in a well he looked around at the shops.
There seemed to be no weapons being sold.
The mayor probably prevented it just like in Humbridge.
There would be no violence on springfest except for the occasional tossing of a drunk into the street.
Each vendor looked at Kilen and refused to bring forth their wares until he produced silver showing he was not a beggar looking to steal.
Soon Kilen had what he needed and felt again the tugging of the task at hand.
Find Chit and get the sword from him, no matter what it took.
He passed through the town getting weird looks as he ran down the street.
He was sure people would be looking for him tomorrow.
Someone would say a beggar had cut their purse.
To avoid the situation he started to take side streets, avoiding people altogether.
He stopped when he reached the city gate to speak with the guards posted there.
Have you seen a rider tonight.
One with a sword and sheath worked with silver coils down the length of it.
He would be coming from Humbridge.
No riders from Humbridge.
What is your business with the rider, boy.
Kilen considered the guards question for a moment before answering.
He has my sword and I intend to get it back.
The guards laughed sizing Kilen up saying he could not get a sword back from anyone.
If he did that to you, you better wait until you are a bit more prepared before trying to take it back.
I will consider your advice, I have run here from Humbridge this night, it is been a long run.
I fell into some trouble as you can see, Kilen said showing off his tattered clothing.
The guards looked at each other and back at Kilen, not believing a word he said.
I am going get my sword back.
I think I will wait for him outside the city gates so you two do not have to get involved.
It was not their jobs to settle problems outside the city gates.
They gave an approving nod and went back to enjoying the music drifting up the streets.
Kilen leapt up the dirt road only looking back to see the guard jaws drop watching him bounding away from the city.
He came to a narrow part in the trail with bushes to either side and stopped.
He listened to the sounds drifting up the road, no horses, no music.
Slipping into the bushes was harder than he expected.
There were thorns on many of the underbrush.
They added to his already cut and scraped skin and tattered clothing.
He sat down for the first time since lunch and ravenously started in on the food he had bought.
It did not fill him up.
He sighed.
He would have to get more once he was done dealing with Chit.
The wizard had told Chit not to stop.
It would be like Chit to stop every chance he got just to vex her.
No, if he wanted to get to drinking he would have traveled fast.
Kilen soon pulled off his shirt and started sewing it back up, keeping himself busy was the only way to resist the urge to run back up the road to Humbridge to find Chit.
The water had washed most of the blood and dirt from his clothing.
He used tattered parts of the pant legs to sew patches on the knees, and used the knife to make them even.
He wrung as much water from each piece of clothing before he put it back on.
The air had cooled the dampness left in the clothing, and when he put them back on each piece caused Kilen to shiver.
Still he remained crouched in the bushes shivering in cold wet clothes.
It was spring but the season warmth had not set into a regular pattern.
The night would be cool and being wet made it worse.
He knew he could not start a fire.
It might give his position away to Chit, or attract unwanted company from the glow and heat.
His father had taught him to be wary when traveling on country roads.
Before long Kilen could hear an approaching horse.
He slowly crept forward towards the road, keeping low in the bushes.
The horse was brown and the rider appeared to be big, Kilen could only see the shadows.
He would have to wait until they came closer.
When the rider passed by he was wearing a riding cloak with the hood pulled up.
Kilen could not tell if it was Chit or not, he decided to chase them down.
He leapt from his hiding spot and ran abreast of the rider to get a look into his hood.
They neared the town gates.
As the rider saw him, he urged the horse to run faster.
Kilen ran faster also.
The city gates were nearing in the distance and Kilen took two giant leaps ahead of the horse.
He would wrestle Chit is horse to a stop before he got to the gates if it was needed.
The torches from the cities gate let him glance into the hood.
A boy about the same build and age as Kilen looked back from the hood with piercing blue eyes.
He wore a deep blue traveling cloak, and never took his eyes from Kilen as he passed into the city.
Kilen stood about one gigantic leap from the gates as he watched the rider go inside.
Kilen listened to the horse footsteps echo off the stone streets.
The horse seemed to slow down and come back in the gates direction.
He waited and waited for the rider to emerge from the city, probably to see who could run with leaps.
Kilen heart was thumping in his ears from the confrontation of running next to a horse and meeting the rider eyes.
He was so focused on the horse sound that he excluded everything else in the world.
Kilen finally realized that the echo were not from inside the city but from outside.
Another rider was coming along the path and had sped to a canter as they got into the light of the city torches.
The rider passed him, and slowed to a stop just under the gate arch.
The guards came out to see his business, and Kilen saw it, his sword silver wrapped sheath.
The guards were getting into an argument with Chit and he turned his horse around.
I do not know how you beat me here, but this sword was given to me.
If you want this child toy come in and buy me a drink and will talk this over like old pals.
Kilen had no choice but to go with him.
Kilen nodded and walked behind Chit is horse.
He stopped around the corner out, of the sight of the guards, at a local tavern.
It had a dog drinking from a mug on the sign.
Chit tied up his horse.
He lead Kilen to the mouth of the alley way.
Chit, I have had a bad night, I just want my sword back.
I will even buy it from you if that is what it takes.
Kilen was still a little intimidated by Chit is size.
He was a whole head taller than Kilen was.
He took out three gold crowns and held them for Chit to see.
I have been told that a sword could increase a person status in the King military, and now I have one, even if it is not my size.
It is more like a large knife than a sword.
Although I could melt it down and get a good price for the silver in it.
You had better make it worth my while so, It will take thirty gold crowns to get this knife back.
Ten crowns for the sword and ten crowns for the embarrassment you and your friends caused me in town today.
Kilen knew that Chit could not even add to know how much money he actually asked for.
Kilen counted out ten crowns into each hand.
Here, thirty crowns.
Now give me my sword.
Chit is smiled with satisfaction as he saw the gold in Kilen hands, he took a step forward and stopped two paces away.
Well I guess I forgot the sentimental value, I did like the look on your face when your mother gave it to me.
I will want to remember that moment, so I will have to up the price to let is say forty gold, he smiled as spoke holding the sword in front of him turning it to see both sides.
That is all the gold I have Chit.
I have twenty in my hands.
You asked for thirty but I only have twenty so that is what I offer you.
Kilen knew in his mind that Chit would not give the sword to him even if he did have the forty gold.
You have to know I was not going to give you the sword, but at least I can have the gold.
You did embarrass me and ruin my day, so I figure you owe it to me.
So give it over and I will not have to take it from you, rich boy.
Kilen put the coin back into his coin purse and re tied it to his damp leather belt.
Kilen summoned as much courage and determination to his voice that he could find.
Chit, today you will get no gold from me.
I will take my father sword from you.
If you make me.
Before Kilen could react Chit had moved the three paces and punched Kilen in the stomach.
He collapsed in the street, coughing and sucking for breath.
The determination from the rings took over the gap in his control, he had to win this fight.
Chit waited for him to get up, while taunting him the entire time.
Kilen realized that he had stood in front of the punch.
He could have moved or tightened his stomach, but did not.
He had taken it full force.
It was not as if he was scared stiff, he had gotten use to the strength in the rings and become overconfident.
Kilen began to stand with Chit chuckling a couple of pace away.
He thought he better use the power in the rings before Chit figured out the power he possessed.
The rings and surprise were the only real advantages he had in this fight.
Kilen did not have any need to squabble with people in town and he usually avoided Chit like the plague.
Kilen leaped over to Chit and pushed him with both hands as hard as he could.
Chit and Kilen both went flying in opposite directions.
Kilen hit the ground hard and rolled across the cobble street to a stop in mouth of the alley across from the street.
Chit had hit the tavern wall so hard he lay crumpled at the bottom.
The wood panels were cracked from him hitting it with such force.
He ran up to Chit and grabbed his sword unbuckling the sheath from the clasp on Chit is chest, Kilen held his prize and looked at it as Chit had done.
This is the first time he had felt the weight and grip of the sword.
It felt comfortable, almost a part of him.
Kilen kept looking at the silver wrapped sheath and the blade and did not notice Chit waking up.
He had gotten what he had come for.
Chit got up quickly and rammed his shoulder in to Kilen and threw him to the ground landing, on him with all his weight.
Kilen heard something snap inside his chest and pain bloomed in his head, causing his sight to narrow and dim.
He lay in the street with Chit standing over him, he tried not to pass out from the pain.
Chit picked up the sword, and spat on him.
Kilen could only lay and hold right side, hoping Chit did not use the sword on him.
Despite the pain, Kilen could feel the determination grow in his chest, the ring power were helping to overwhelm the pain so that he could get the sword back again.
The power grew and grew with every breath and sight of Chit holding it.
Kilen knew that if he could buy himself a small amount of time he would be able to stand and overcome the pain.
Chit looked up as a horse came around the corner, with Bowie and Kara atop it.
Bowie yelled, Chit STOP.
Kilen heard a girl screaming his name and then a ball of fire just missed Chit.
The fire started to climb up the side of the tavern.
Charger lurched and threw Bowie and Kara to the ground.
When Kara got up she had blazing red eye and flames climbed up her skirts, waist, chest, head and arms.
Kilen began to climb to a crawling position, keeping his arm covering the broken rib.
Kara raised a hand and three more fireballs shot from her hands.
Chit was running before the first one had landed.
Kara started burning from head to foot running after him.
Before she got to the corner of the building, the man Kilen had seen come through the city gate before Chit rounded the corner in front of her.
She raised her arm to let another fireball go, but before she could water streamed up from barrels on the side of the street and doused her.
The flames were extinguished.
From the water, raised up a man made of water.
He approached the burning tavern and streams of water burst from his hands landing on the building with a hiss and steam.
When Kilen looked back at what he now knew was a water wizard, he was kneeling by an unconscious Kara, touching her forehead.
You, he said pointing at Kilen, come here now.
He did as he was told even though taking a step would send pain through him.
There was no motivation to resist the pain except what the rings had already given him.
Do you know this young lady.
I do sir.
She is my sister.
Is she ok.
Kilen said as he knelt beside her still holding his side.
The wizard reached over and touched Kilen arm, he felt a cold wave go through him and as the cold went away the pain slowly subsided.
Kilen pulled his shirt out from his pants and pulled it up to see what looked like a old yellow bruise.
The wizard had healed Kilen quickly.
Kilen then searched the rest of this body and found that all his cuts and scrapes were gone from the trek.
He turned to his sister and wondered if the wizard could heal him so quickly why had not his sister woken up yet.
Kilen touched her cheek with his hand.
She felt hot.
It was like she had a fever even though she was soaked to the skin in her clothes.
Kilen looked and only her clothes seemed to be burned, and mostly just on the edges of her blue skirt.
The ribbon had fallen from her hair.
He picked it up and put it in his pocket.
She is fine.
Did she ever use fire before like this.
Kilen shook his head no, and the wizard nodded.
Bowie came up with Charger, after finally getting the horse settled down.
The wizard, Bowie, and Kilen picked up Kara and put her in Chargers saddle.
You two will take her to the Wandering Spring Inn, three streets from here.
You will take your sister to the back door and ask for Mistress Reanna.
Tell her that Master Parker wanted you be shown to his rooms.
Ask her to bring up three meals, two bottles of wine, and a broth for your sick friend.
You go to my rooms and rest, until I finish some business.
While you are there Erica will be looking in on you and your sister.
Trust her she is a friend.
Do you understand.
They nodded their heads in agreement.
Good, is that your sword.
It was my fathers.
It is mine now.
Kilen had almost forgotten about his whole purpose for being in Basham, after seeing his sister became a blazing inferno.
He ran and picked up the sword and came back to the young wizard.
Hand it to me for a second.
Kilen handed him the sword.
He drew the sword enough to see the blade and wrapped his hand around it.
He closed his eyes and when opened them again Kilen saw blue color fading from them, turning back to brown.
This sword is now imbued with water magic.
We will discuss what that means when I return to the inn.
If I do not, you will do exactly as I say now.
You will travel from town to town until you reach the Earth Realm King.
If she starts to wake up you will place the flat of the blade against her forehead close your eyes and imagine a river flowing through her.
She will go back to sleep, and it will keep her from going aflame again.
Do you understand everything.
Kilen repeated all the instructions as he strapped the blade across his back.
We will discuss your responsibilities to your sister when I see you next.
If I am not back to the room by morning you will leave for the Earth Realm without me.
Now go, and make sure she does not come fully awake or many people will die.
The two boys nodded and made their way quickly down the street.
The words for what had happened escaped Kilen and Bowie lips.
They easily found the Wandering Spring, and went in the back gate where a stable boy came out to take Charger.
Bowie and Kilen each took one of Kara arms and held her up between them, walking her to the back door.
The stable boy inquired of them which room they were staying and Bowie told him Master Parker.
He nodded and started to unload Bowie saddle.
They took Kara up the back steps of the inn, which lead into the kitchen.
Bowie knocked loudly, and an old woman with fine dress on came to the door.
She looked Kara up and down and spoke to Bowie.
He still wore his fine red jacket and trousers with a red feather stuck in his hat.
You can not bring a sick girl in here my lord.
She will have to go around the front, But I will not be taking sick people into my inn.
Take her to the herb woman.
Master Parker told us to be discreet and bring her around the back.
We were told to take her to his rooms and have dinner brought up.
Bowie said acting the part of a lord.
Three regular meals, one bowl of the soup you have cooking, and two bottles of wine will suffice, He said before she could argue.
Thank you Milady.
If you would show us to the room.
Erica, come here and show these gentlemen to Master Parker rooms.
It is Master Crescent, Milady.
I think I shall be down later for a drink.
Is there entertainment tonight.
A dark haired girl, shaking her head no, came away from a cooking pot and took Kara arm from Bowie.
They went up a back staircase used by the inn workers to attend to the needs of the guests, to the first door at the top of the stairs.
They entered the room.
It was possession free except for the inn bed, a rocking chair, and washstand with mirror.
I will have another pallet brought up and some linen to dry the girl if you shall want sir, Erica said.
Kilen nodded to the girl and she backed out of the room.
He lowered Kara into the chair and sat on the floor next to the unlit fireplace.
He looked down at his chest trying to remember what had taken place since he left his world behind.
He remembered and regretted yelling at his mother.
His sister turning to flame.
Fighting Chit in the alley, and being badly hurt.
Short pieces of memory remained of the journey to Basham.
The moon, pier, and the festivals market.
He did not really understand why he had been in the water, but he remembered fighting the current.
He tried to put the pieces of his memory together while watching his sister breathe in and out so peacefully.
The chambermaid, Erica, returned with linens and a bowl of soup, she was followed by the stable boy with two trays of food covered with a cloth.
Kilen took one plate before the stable boy could leave the room.
Erica began to use the linens to pat Kara dry.
She did as much as she could for the wet clothes.
The stable boy returned with pieces of the pallet while Kilen ate from the tray and Erica laid linens down.
They both moved Kara with extreme care and covered her with more linens.
They gathered all the excess cloth and started to leave the room.
Kilen looked down to find that he had eaten both plates of food.
Shall I bring another plate for Master Parker, sir.
His stomach growled back at her as a sort of an answer.
Youd better make it another two plates, he answered.
She nodded and left him alone with Kara, sleeping peacefully.
He did not know what had happened to Kara or how she had caught on fire.
HIS mind came up with ten different reasons for the fires or for her fever, but it all came back to one.
Kilen sister was a fire wizard.
He knew that he did not cause it, but he could not help but feel guilty for leaving her the way he did.
Kilen began to regret ever putting on the rings to catch Chit.
He looked down at the rings and pulled the chain up and over his head, then put the rings and chain in his vest pocket.
The world reeled and spun as pure exhaustion hit Kilen like a hammer, striking all the energy out of him.
He slid down the wall and lay on the floor struggling to breath.
He tried but could not lift his hands, or move his feet.
Kilen body was totally spent in keeping his heart beating and his lungs moving in and out.
These things always came naturally to people, but he was fighting to make every beat and every breath.
Erica came back into the room followed by the stable boy carrying more food.
She knelt beside Kilen seeing his struggle and put a hand to his face.
Can you move.she asked.
Speak if you can answer me.
She rolled him onto his back as if he was an infant unable to care for themselves.
Laying flat on his back made the struggle to breathe easier.
She spoke to the stable boy, were his eyes green before.
No, Kilen wanted to say but could not, his eyes had always been a golden brown in color.
The stable boy shook his head yes.
She moved all over the room and did not find what she was looking for.
Hurry, go get Lord Crescent and bring him back here quickly.
He dying from magic, she commanded as she moved about the room.
She opened Kilen pack and took out his sewing kit and discarded it back into his bag.
She then patted his pockets and found nothing.
She opened Kilen coin purse and found only money.
Bowie came into the room with the stable boy leading him.
Kilen possessions littered the ground and gold coins lay in his lap.
Hey, what are you doing there.
Leave his money alone.
Bowie shouted at her.
What did you do to him.
He pulled her shoulder throwing her into the bed on the opposite wall.
He stood with a wide stance ready to protect his friends.
She quickly stood and looked him in the eyes.
He dying of magic.
He needs something magic or he will probably die.
Bowie held his ground.
We came in and found him like that.
He will not move and he barely breathing.
Bowie turned, patted Kilen chest, and found a small lump in his pocket.
He reached into Kilen vest, and jumped as his fingers touched the rings.
He then reached in again and pulled them out slowly and put them into Kilen hand.
The strength and energy flooded back into Kilen as it had before.
He laid on the floor breathing heavily catching his breath.
Erica stood in the middle of the room, hands on her chest, looking down on Kilen.
Bowie eyes were wide with surprise and confusion.
After a couple minutes of the room quiet and each gathering their wit is, Kilen said, thank you, to no one in particular.
You have got to be the dumbest armor bearer I have ever seen.
Erica snapped at him.
Do you not know how to use your earth magic.
You act as if you only got those rings yesterday.
He waved her off without answering, still struggling to breath.
It gave him time to think about what he had become.
The sword was now imbued with water magic, it made him a weapon bearer.
All of the Hero in ages past were weapon or armor bearers, and now he was one of them.
Erica straightened herself and looked between them seeing that she was not getting an answer.
You had better not take those off until you are sure you have rested enough to breathe on your own, she said in a quieter tone, as if instructing.
Then she left the room, watching Kilen the whole way out to make sure he listened to her.
I do not know how you even walk with those things on.
I felt like I would crush you if I made the wrong move.
How come you did not tell me you had those.
We could have hunted for days with those on.
I got them just before I left Humbridge.
I would have told you but I was in a hurry to catch Chit.
Kilen, picked up his belongings that had been tossed around the room.
Ahh, well why were you chasing Chit.
Trying to get back at him since you have all that power in ya.
Bowie said begging for a juicy answer.
My mom gave Chit my father sword.
When I saw that, I was a bit overcome with the rings power and ran after him to get it back.
I am sorry Bowie.
I would have told you but I did not know of their power until after that wizard gave them back.
After that I did not spare any time in trying to catch up to Chit.
Bowie fingered the brim of his hat, Ah, it is ok.
Daniel was taking most of the women anyway.
This is a lot more exciting than the normal Springfest.
He waited a bit before speaking again, What do you suppose the wizard wants with us.
I think he wants only that I help undo the mess I caused.
Kara has never done that before.
She did it when she saw me fighting Chit.
This whole situation is my fault.
Bowie did not know what to say so he changed the subject.
Have you looked at the sword.
Right now you are a weapon bearer, just like in the legends.
No, he said not to touch it unless Kara started to wake up.
As if on cue, Erica brought another two trays of food in.
He ate the entire second tray and Bowie ate one as well.
Erica sat on a stool in the corner watching Kilen eat.
Kilen was not sure how long they had sat and talked when the wizard entered the room.
He crossed the room ignoring everyone inside and touched Kara head, and nodded in satisfaction.
He turned on Bowie and Kilen, Okay then, what are your names, where are you from, what are you using for earth magic.
Most of all where did you acquire earth magic imbuements without the King permission.
Erica slipped out of the room seeing his tone.
Kilen started by telling about his father and he started his life journey.
How he had gotten to Basham, the parts that he could remember.
Bowie was in awe of how the parts of the story where Kilen had swam most of the way to Basham.
Bowie filled in his portion of the story.
When they finished, the wizard stood and paced in the small room.
I think I understand.
Bowie you will go to sleep now and rest until morning.
Kilen, Kara, and I will start a journey to the Earth Realm in the morning.
They have no choice but to come with me.
You on the other hand will have to decide whether or not you want to join us, he commanded as if he knew his word would be followed without complaint.
Kilen you will pick up the sword.
Do not touch the hilt mind you, just the sheath and follow me.
I will begin your proper magic training tonight.
Kilen followed him out of the room, looking back at Bowie who stood shrugging his shoulders.
They went down the stairs and into a private sitting room where Erica was laying out bread, cheese, and had a bottle of wine with two cups.
Good evening Master Parker, if you require anything else just knock on my door.
Wizard Parker placed a coin in her hand, Thank you for saving my young soldier.
Mistress Reanna told me what you did, and I am certainly glad I have trained you.
She blushed and tucked the coin into her pocket, yawning while she headed down the hall.
He closed the door and motioned for Kilen to sit down.
I am sorry that Twilix left you with such a poor lack of caution with those rings.
I will try and make it right with my training.
I will have to teach you quickly and hope that you can learn just as fast.
First I must ask you, do you care for your sister safety.
I do.
Is she in danger.
My boy, every fire wizard is in danger in the Earth Realm, at least until their powers can be controlled.
Fortunately, the King has a place to hold and train fire wizards with everyone safety in mind.
This training costs money.
I subdued her so it is my responsibility as a wizard to bring her before the king.
You will aid me in the task, since your struggle to get this sword back triggered her rage and that brought forth her awakening.
If you want to see the protection of your sister and see that she is provided for, you will have to find a way to pay for her training.
Which means you will have to find a job working for the king.
I have imbued your sword which means the King will probably take you on as a weapon bearer for his army if you can pass the tests.
The higher you rank in your class will determine the amount of coin you earn and how well your sister is treated.
The fact that you have two earth magic rings is a big advantage.
You will have to keep working for the King until your sister training is complete and she is no longer a danger to anyone around her.
As it stands, if she is allowed to come to consciousness, she will come aflame and be very aggressive.
Anyone who tries to help put the fire out will probably become her next victim, even her brother.
I was very glad to find that no one was injured in her first episode.
I did have to pay for the damages to the tavern, but that will have to come out of your pay also.
Tell me what you think about what I have told you.
It is a bit overwhelming, but I must protect my sister.
I do not believe I have a choice.
Kilen paused for a moment before speaking again.
My father was a scout for a Wizard Calvin.
I have heard of what scouts do in my war history books, I think I could be one.
I could do what my father did.
Will that earn enough money to pay for my sisters training.
The wizard smiled, Boy, scouts are one of the highest paid members of the king army.
I do not think you understand what it takes to be a scout, but you are certainly fast enough to be one if you made the trip from Humbridge to here in less than a night on foot.
He drank deeply from the wine and chewed on a piece of cheese before continuing.
Ok well I will do my best to train you, I am not allowed to imbue weapons without the king permission, but I needed something or someone to help me keep that girl under control.
We will have trouble if you cannot perform well enough to live up to that sword.
It would be better if you just sold it to the king, but seeing what you went through to get it I do not foresee that happening.
The wizard took a few bites of fruit, We have a short time to teach you to be a wielder, let is get started.
Stand up and draw the sword.
You will not have any immediate effects from it like with the rings.
He nodded and gripped the handle of the sword.
When his hand touched the hilt he felt strength rush into him along, with calmness.
His fatigue washed away, but he did not drew it.
Does water magic make you stronger also.
the wizard looked at him quizzingly, holding a piece of cheese to his lips.
No, why do you ask.
When I put on the rings it feels like I could run forever or pick up a horse.
When I touched the sword I got the same feeling and with it a calmness.
Draw the blade, he said slowly in a flat tone.
He had a look of concern across his face.
Kilen pulled the sword from the sheath and held it in front of him.
It was as polished as the silver coils along the sheath.
On the blade just below the hilt were two images.
One was a wave of water, and the other was a bigger version of the tree identical to the image inside his rings.
The wizard had gone completely white.
He shook his head from side to side and started to pace the room.
I do believe I have made a very big mistake, and with that made your life much more difficult.
That weapon could be the undoing of us both.
He stopped and looked at Kilen.
It has already been imbued by an earth wizard.
When I imbued it, the power that lay dormant in the sword was awoken.
You are in possession of a two element blade.
Kilen thought a moment before speaking, I do not understand, does not this mean it will make me stronger.
I would think the King would like to have a two element weapon bearer working for him.
Think of the social classes boy.
A blade with one element, you are a soldier, captain, scout, or commander.
Two elements and you are a noble, with lands given to you by the King for your service to his army.
The elemental power on that blade is supposed to be earned not given.
I have just promised you lands under the king.
By the wizard council rules he must follow.
The third mark on a weapons blade means you have a right to claim a kingdom.
Wielders are chosen and appointed by wizards to uphold the laws and protect wizards that imbue the blades.
Can I just reject any land that is supposed to be given to me.
It is not that simple.
You were not supposed to receive lands and so it is my mistake.
Further, it is only a small part that you are now a noble social class.
Your sister is a fire wizard.
When she is fully trained, she would be able to give you a third elemental mark, which puts you into competition with the earth king.
It is each wizard right to find a person worthy of bearing an element.
As your sister, she would most certainly find you worthy.
The wizard looked to be just Kilen age, but there was a sort of wisdom to his eyes.
His short brown hair was cut and singed at the ends as if he had gotten too close to hearth putting logs on the fire.
He was around the same height as Kilen, maybe an inch taller.
He was slender but not in an unhealthy way, just in a way that said he used his physical muscle sparingly throughout the day.
The wisdom in his eyes seemed to say that his mental muscles were far stronger than his physical ones.
He wore a deep blue cloak and covering it was a curling wave in deeper blue embroidery.
His voice was quiet but commanding and bore no accent.
He stopped pacing and finally spoke to Kilen, Nothing to do about it now, I suppose, but to train you.
We have couple weeks before we reach the king, I will think of something before then.
Let is focus and continue with your training.
Besides the strength flowing through you, did you feel anything else.
I felt energized, renewed, and just healthy.
That renewed feeling and the healthiness as you call it, is the water magic.
It will sustain your body, always healing it while you use water magic.
You cannot heal yourself like I healed your broken rib.
Another wizard or magic bearer will have to heal you, but you can heal others like this now.
You will touch your sword at all times in the next few days allowing your body to heal from the ordeal you put it through tonight.
I cannot heal exhaustion, food and sleep will have to do that.
Touching any part of that sword will allow you to heal twice as fast as you normally do.
You told me about your run and how you needed a drink of water.
The touching of the sword will refill the water in your body also.
If you hold onto your sword now you will replenish what you use as you use it, pulling it from the air around you.
You will still need food of course, and sleep.
Do you have any questions.
I feel like I could still run the entire way to the King if I wanted, and I do not feel sleepy.
Why is that.
That comes from the endurance and the strength given by the earth magic in your rings and sword.
Be aware that you can still push yourself too far, but you were using just the basic magic principals.
The rings do not just give you the strength and endurance.
You can manipulate the earth and water elements around you.
Sometimes using the basic principals comes naturally and often is not even known by the wielder.
The more magic items you have the more earth or water you can manipulate.
The king has a entire set of armor of water and earth magic.
I cannot fathom what he could do that that power.
I have heard of legendary hero given ringmail armor in which each ring was imbued separately.
Using that kind of power to its full extent would require you to rest a lifetime before you could take it off.
If you did take it off you would die of exhaustion or dehydration.
The magic in the armor or weapons will sustain you.
I as a wizard, on the other hand, can only push myself to my magical limit and it just ceases to exist.
I will be tired but I cannot die from using every ounce of my magic.
But as I rest I will regain magic.
Tonight I have pushed myself far, which is why I imbued your sword.
I will not be able to subdue Kara come morning.
I am exhausted from my magic use.
I carry one piece of magic armor with me.
It was made by my brother Brandon the earth wizard.
Using it, I will not need sleep but I will slowly gain my magic back as if I was sleeping.
How long will I have to rest before I should take off these rings.
With that sword earth and water magic helping you should be fine by morning.
That is if you do not practice any magical process.
Earth and water magic complement each other and work together.
You will find your bodies strength returning quickly.
With two earth rings you will find that you are very powerful in earth manipulation.
I should not train you in that, considering the sword you now carry.
We cannot let that fall into the wrong hands.
You will have to train in every defense you can.
First you must learn to sense the elements around you.
In the room right now, there is water in the air.
We breath it in and out, and it comes out of our skin in very small amounts.
Sometimes it helps the new magic user to hold the magic item to their forehead.
Place the flat of the blade against your forehead and close your eyes.
Kilen closed his eyes and felt the cold blade against his skin.
He held it there concentrating on images of water like streams, rivers, and rain falling.
Let your mind go blank, and focus on the blackness of your sight.
He began to feel colder than he should on a warm spring night.
Slowly he could make out a fuzziness in his vision behind his closed eyes.
It was like a twinkling of lights when he was hit too hard on the head.
He did not know if the light was real or he had imagined it.
The twinklings became thicker and then more solid.
He could see them moving around himself and the room.
He could also see objects that had moisture on them and could see breath coming from Master Parker.
The collecting of these twinklings on surfaces began to form images.
He saw a reflection of the objects that were in the room.
He could see the outlines over everything in the room.
Everything except the lamps on the wall created hollow spots in the twinklings.
He opened his mouth and drew a deep breath at the new found vision, watching the water flow in and out as he breathed.
The combination of the two visions overlapping made him feel a little dizzy.
Wizard Parker steadied him by holding his shoulders.
It gets better.
You see the door.
Open your senses to the water on the outside of the door.
Sense it from underneath the door or through the keyhole, or cracks in the wood.
Kilen reached his mind out to the water to expand his vision as the wizard asked.
When he did he began to see the shapes on the outside of the door.
Things that he could not see with his eyes.
The outline of a person standing just outside the door formed.
It stood close to the door with an ear pressed against it.
Someone was listening to them he realized.
The wizard sat looking at Kilen.
Surely he knew about the person outside the room as well.
He must have if he wanted Kilen to expand his vision beyond the door.
There is someone listening in the hallway, Kilen whispered.
The wizard face was slowly overcome with a devious smile, Very good.
He said excitedly, Erica come in here please.
She came into the room wearing her nightgown, looking very tired.
She had dark circles around the eyes like she had not slept very much in the past couple days.
Wonderful.
You are a very quick learner, he said as he showed Erica a seat in front of him.
She sat down looking at Kilen apologetically.
She had purposely pretended to go to bed.
She knew now that Kilen really was not trained to use the magic that had been bestowed upon him.
Thanks for coming and doing as I asked, he said to Erica, patting her shoulders from behind.
This is an informant of mine.
Each wizard has their own and each is partially trained to aid a magic user.
She was trained to recognize magic exhaustion and usage.
I heard she saved your life tonight.
Kilen nodded that it was true.
You will pay her back now as I am too weak.
You will heal her body and renew her vigor.
I will guide you in the process, but follow my description exactly or you could harm her.
She had perked up with nervousness when he said that.
She must have not known what he had intended for her.
I will do my best, Kilen told him.
Thank you again for your help upstairs.
I really will try my best to help you.
She nodded back, but Kilen could still see the fear on her face.
Take the blade into your hands and she will place her hands over yours.
Concentrate on the water that surrounds her body and makes it up.
Water is what the body is mostly composed of, so if we move the water we can stitch the wounds back together.
As you can see the water elements are almost solid around wounds.
You will see water gathering on the lining of the wounds, but not going into them.
The voids without water flowing as it does in the rest of the body is what we must repair.
You will force the water to flow through them, to make the voids like the rest of the body.
Small ones first, do you see any wounds on her body.
I think her feet have sores on them, there is a cut on her right thumb, and she is biting her lip, Kilen said.
She spoke to the wizard then.
That is right, she let out a sigh of relief, now knowing that what Kilen had felt was correct.
Then she stopped biting her lip.
Now will the water to move through them, to close the wounds as you pull them together.
The wizard spoke anxiously.
It felt like it had been an hour before he finally stopped with the wounds in her body.
As Kilen fixed them he noticed that there was what seemed like a green glow that enveloped the area he had just healed.
It was like a fog within the twinkling lights.
With each wound he closed, the wizard would speak words of encouragement.
Each became less difficult to complete.
Kilen was already improving the skill.
The larger wounds like the cut on her finger were harder to force the water to move in and out of, but he did as well as he could for Erica.
Sweat clung to his brow as he focused his mind to move the water throughout her body.
The process was exhausting.
I think I am finished, he said while opening his eyes.
She looked even more tired than when he had started.
Easy, you have a second part yet.
You must give her energy.
You just forced her body to heal itself in a short amount of time.
You must now use magic to restore energy to her body.
This is a combination between water and earth magic.
When you healed a wound there was a movement inside, like a fog.
Did you see that.
Kilen nodded his head in response.
That was her body using energy.
Picture that fog and force the earth elements to create that fog inside her body.
It will be difficult at first but when you do it enough you will be able to summon it very rapidly.
Kilen concentrated while he felt the wizard hands clasp the girl hands around Kilen.
She jerked at that touch.
Kilen knew even with his eyes closed that she had fallen asleep in the chair waiting for the energy.
At first Kilen felt nothing, he saw no change in anything in the room.
Then It came on in a rush and she straightened in her chair, gasping as the green glow moved from her chest to each of her limbs, restoring the energy inside her body.
She let go of Kilen hands.
He opened his eyes and held on to the water vision seeing the glow now in each muscle she used to stand and talk.
Thank you, I feel much better now.
Is there any other service I could provide Master Parker.
She felt better but Kilen felt as if he had run from Humbridge to Basham a second time.
The process was exhausting.
I would like any bread and cheese you have laying about, and I am sure that using the magic has exhausted his food storage also.
I will return shortly, Master Parker.
She curtsied and left the room, closing the door behind her.
Kilen watched her walk down the hall and into the kitchen door with the vision provided by the water.
As he followed her with his new sense he had a weird feeling of knowing where she was beyond what his eyes could see.
Ok, now that you are practiced I will permit you to heal and energize me.
Kilen was shocked at the suddenness of the request.
He repeated the exercise and found the wizard to have saddle sores and wounds on his hands and feet.
The wizard was as exhausted as Erica was when she was falling asleep.
He did not know how he was remaining so vigilant.
He started to heal the wounds first and the wizard yanked his arms away from him.
You will need to energize me first or I shall fall over dead from exhaustion.
Be careful now.
He slowly placed his hands on Kilen and he used his effort to energize the wizard.
The fog would appear in him and vanish.
Again he would focus his will forming the fog and pushing it in all directions.
Before it reached the wizards limbs the fog would fade leaving him just as exhausted.
He tried again, and again.
You are doing fine keep going.
I have used a lot of earth magic energy and my trinket requires it back.
You will save me many nights sleep by this I assure you.
Kilen cautiously started again and again, continually pushing harder to create the fog faster.
Kilen seemed not to weaken but he knew that he was borrowing stores from all three of his earth items to restore the wizard power.
Stop.
That is enough, he finally commanded.
Kilen let down his arms and moved to take a drink of wine on the table.
He could not lift the mug and the wizard helped him.
He then noticed a plate of bread and cheese on the table and started eating with the young wizard.
You have done well.
I did not believe that you would be able to energize or heal so well.
I thought that I would have to eat and wait a while before I healed Erica myself.
You should be proud.
This is the only lesson you will get tonight.
You will be able to energize your horses and friends as well as heal parts of their bodies.
This will come in handy in the upcoming days.
Take every opportunity to practice this.
He popped a piece of cheese in his mouth.
I will show you how to subdue your sister in the morning.
You will have to watch closely because I will only have enough energy to do it once.
Kilen nodded to the wizard with a mouth stuffed full of bread.
We will have to send Bowie to find the supplies while we rest.
So you will need to energize him before we retire for a couple hours sleep.
The plate was empty and Erica had long since gone to bed.
The wizard helped Kilen return to the room to find Bowie asleep on the floor.
Kara was still fast asleep on the pallet and there was a comfy bed totally empty.
The wizard roused Bowie and explained all the equipment they needed, Kilen took his sword in one hand and grasped Bowie by the side of the neck.
Bowie shivered when he did, and Kilen felt the renewing strength rush into Bowie.
The healing was coming faster each time he tried.
When Kilen let go he saw a twinkling of lights in his vision that he was sure was not from any type of magic but made from exhaustion.
You work fast, I feel great.
I will get your stuff and meet you in the stables in the morning.
I will need more gold though.
Kilen handed Bowie the entire purse of gold hoping that would help with the cost, and that he would not find a set of clothes as fine as a lord in his new saddle bags come morning.
By the way, where did you learn to do that.
Kilen pointed his chin at the wizard already climbing into the comfy bed.
Bowie took the coin purse full of money and left the room.
Kilen knew there was short time before the sun began to rise, and that he had better get some rest.
He laid down on the pallet beside his sister and his thoughts wandered about the change his life had taken.
He himself would not have believed this was his life now, even if he was told by a fortune teller.
If he had, he probably would have demanded his money back.
He watched as the water in the air gathered around the lamp.
The wizard smiled at him before gathering water at the lamps wick plunging them into darkness.
Kilen let his mind wander at the trials that he had been through that night until sleep took him.
Bowie departed the room letting the Kilen and the wizard fall asleep after their training session.
He went to the bottom of the stairs and saw Erica cleaning the bar in the front room.
The Inn was empty except for her and the hired thug sleeping on a stool at the front door.
Do you not need sleep after a full day of Springfest., he asked her.
Your friend gifted me energy and healed my body.
I feel as if I have slept a week.
Is there something I can help you with my lord.
He did the same bloody thing to me.
Does magic always make you that cold.
She shook her head no.
I am not a lord, I am sorry I deceived you and your mistress here.
She nodded her head in response.
He noticed her casting small glances at him as she cleaned the dishes behind the counter.
I could use a plate of food before I leave for supplies, if you have any handy that is.
I will bring you some stew left on the fire for early morning risers such as yourself.
Can I offer you directions for the city.
No, thank you.
I have traveled through Basham a time or two.
Just the food if you could, and ale.
I have a feeling it will be awhile before I am able to indulge myself in a mug again.
He watched her clean as he ate his meal.
He knew Kilen had to make some of the hardest decisions he had ever made.
Kara was in a fight for her life.
If town folk on the road knew she was a fire wizard, she would be dead as soon as they could accomplish it.
Kilen would be lucky to get her to the Earth Realm, let alone to the King himself.
Bowie would have to go with him, and insure both their safety.
He looked over the coin purse in his pocket and what Kilen had given him.
The money was still quite a bit short of what it would take to get a room in each town and for supplies along the way.
They would have to find a dice game or two and see if they can make some more for the trip.
He decided that would have to wait.
They would be off before long.
Bowie knew that he would need to get horses first.
He left the inn tipping his hat to Erica as he ducked out the front.
The town was much larger in size than Humbridge and had the money to show it.
Each house in town was thatched and had walls made of stone.
The streets were cobbled but with new stone to replace the old instead of leaving holes in the streets.
He always felt richer as he walked through the streets of Basham.
The town was the last guarded city before reaching the Earth realm.
A lot of trade went through this town, and Bowie loved to find a good bargain here.
As he made his way through the town he passed a fletchers storefront.
There were signs posted on the edge of the fletcher range to the side of his store.
Archery Contest at First Light on Springfest One gold crown per entry Winner Takes All He wished he had been in Basham the day before.
He would have won that contest and could have spent the rest of his days living as a lord in Humbridge.
The old fletcher came out of the storefront to take down the sign, sitting by his practice range.
How did the contest end, good sir.
The old fletcher looked Bowie up and down taking in the clothing that he wore.
He probably assumed he was a young lord.
A townsman won forty five crowns, twas more than the wizard made in Basham this year given blessings and such.
He won using Crescent arrows.
I have to admit they are better made than my own.
I do have some for sale if you be interested, my lord.
I use only crescent arrows when I shoot.
Unfortunately, I did not know about the contest.
I think I would have made a pretty good challenge for him since I am the best shot in Humbridge.
I know the winner milord.
If you think you could challenge him, he always up for a bet, when it comes to archery that is.
He the one that suggested this contest and it brought me a pretty penny in sales yesterday.
I could arrange for him to meet you here today.
Of course you will want to be using Crescent arrows, and I have some to sell if you need some.
Bowie ignored the second prompting to buy his own arrows.
I have to leave town just after first light.
If you can arrange him to meet me here, then I would gladly give you a tenth of the winnings.
The fletcher turned his head and rubbed his chin while looking at Bowie, then smiled a toothy smile.
I do know to rouse him from his bed this morn it will have to be a pretty hefty bet milord.
I can not rouse him for less than probably twenty crowns.
So make the bet at twenty crowns, best of three arrows each.
I will be back at first light with crowns in hand.
The fletcher scrambled into his shop and out came an yawning apprentice and sent him running off through the street still buttoning his shirt.
Bowie made the arrows the winner shot with, and he personally had one of the best made bows in the realm.
He had as good a chance as any to beat this archer, and this was a far better gamble than dice or cards.
However, Bowie had other needs to attend to this morning.
He moved down the road with a grin on his face at solving a problem they had, money.
The city streets were full of bottles and mugs dropped by their owners.
A few of the owners still lay in the gutters sleeping off a night of festivities.
He thought more toughs ought to be out running them off but was sure they were in the same condition.
He walked past a city guard patrolling the streets and tipped his black hat.
Know where I can buy a horse.
The guard pointed and continued on his patrol.
Bowie tipped his hat to the guard back anyway, partly out of sarcasm, partly out of his upbringing.
He found the stables by the smell of horses and sounds of shovels on the ground.
The groomsmen were already up brushing and feeding the horses.
Daniel had always told them, if you find a stable with groomsmen brushing and mucking stalls before first light you would likely find healthy and disease free animals.
Bowie walked along the shoots and looked at each horse until a stable boy eyed him looking and ran off to find the stable master.
A burly man approached and straightened his fine jacket over his wool shirt, then continued picking the remains of his morning meal from his teeth.
Looking for a lost friend young lord.
he said offhandedly.
I have need of making some new ones today.
I am in need of two horses for traveling a great distance.
Do you have any that can be made ready before first light.
Moss, fetch me the piebald and the skewbald.
I have two for sale, my lord.
They will cost two gold crowns each, but they are worth the price.
Let me look them over first sir, and I will see if they are indeed worth two gold each.
Of course I will need saddles, good ones, feedbags, water skins, tack also.
I will be making you an offer on the whole lot.
He nodded in agreement.
Bowie had lords and travelers look over his arrows and strings, testing them, and breaking them to find their worth.
They always set their own price and it showed that they knew their business.
If they did not ask to test them he would usually get more than they were worth, just by using his last name as a guarantee of the fine craftsmanship.
He hoped that in the past the stable owner had the same experiences so that he did not end up overpaying for the horses.
Bowie walked out to the training ring and watched the stable hands walk the two horses around.
Bowie made sounds as if he was considering their walk.
He ran his hands over their flanks and checked their teeth, and lifted the feet to check the shoes.
He made sounds of approval in some spots and disapproval in others.
These will definitely get me to the King, but I would have hoped for a larger animal.
These seem to be short on strength for endurance.
If these are the best two you have I will take them for one and a quarter each.
The owner started to object but Bowie cut him off, I will give you another one and a half for the saddles, equipment, and tack.
In addition, I will be sure to stop in here if I am ever in need of more horses, mind you I live in Humbridge.
In my travels if I am asked about either horse I will tell them of your establishment and how honest of a trader you are and a personal friend.
Is that a deal sir.
He put a wad of tobacco in his pipe and stuffed it in with his thick thumb, I do not know if I want to be known as your personal friend.
I do not know you from any other lord in this town.
The price stands at two gold each, and two for your other needs.
Let me introduce myself then.
My name is Bowie Crescent.
He tipped his hat at the burly owner.
Crescent, eh.
You said you live in Humbridge so you must be the arrow maker son.
Perhaps I should reconsider if you will be riding one of my horses.
Actually my father is a butcher which works out well since I can sale most of what I hit with my arrows.
He looked Bowie over again and thumbed the tobacco in his pipe as if considering him in a different light.
I should not be taking this low of a price for these two.
With Springfest here I can make two and half gold on each.
Springfest is over for another year.
How much money will it cost you to feed and keep these two healthy until you find a buyer.
With one so handily available as I, that cost will be on me.
Is it worth the cost and trouble to you.
Boy if you are not the arrow maker I have to say that you are still a businessman.
I see you know how to negotiate, as I hates to see these go for so cheap.
I must make ready stalls for a new stock.
They will be yours before first light, packed and ready to ride.
Four gold then.
he said holding out his hand.
Four gold.
the stable master said reluctantly taking his hand.
You had best be mentioning my name, Brian Howl.
Can you have one of your stable boys run them over to the fletchers.
I have a bet to beat the man who won that archery contest yesterday.
Best of three arrows for twenty gold crowns.
The stable master cocked his head to the side and smiled.
They will be there, and I will be there also.
He took a gold crown from me, so it will be nice to see it taken from him.
Bowie departed the stable and moved from one shop to the next, gathering clothes, a tent, food, packs, oil, candles, paper, ink and other such supplies.
At each shop he would ask for the supplies to be brought to the fletchers and told them of the contest.
When he arrived back at the fletchers, the archery range had quite the gathering of people.
A man stood on the range with Crescent arrows sticking out of his quiver.
He had black hair cut short and had a guardsmen uniform on.
Bowie could see people were already starting to take bets on who the winner would be.
Bowie would be the long shot since this man had already proven that he could win a tournament.
He approached the betting men and put ten gold crowns down on himself to win.
This made the betting go into a frenzy, everyone wanting a part of the gold.
Bowie then approached the fletcher and his apprentice.
Can I ask you another favor sir.
You can, milord.
I have already made more in sales than I did on an average day because of your challenge.
I ask that you would send your apprentice here to fetch my horse at the wandering spring.
The horse has a large supply of Crescent arrows that I will sell to you at a decent price.
I would ask that you go and take your Crescent arrows off the shelf and hold on to them as if they are a very rare item.
They are about to increase their worth to everyone in this town.
Why would that be, my lord.
Trust me in this.
I will let you return to selling them right after this contest, if you wish to then.
Bowie held out his hand and the shop owner shook it in agreement.
Tell the stable boy at the Wandering Spring to get Charger for Master Parker friend.
He will know which horse to bring.
Bowie turned to the archer field then and strung the bow he had on his back.
There were two targets at the far end of the range painted with colored circles red in the center, blue, yellow, and green on the outside.
The targets were a man height and made of woven straw.
He approached the man standing in the middle of the field.
Good day sir, my name is Bowie.
I am the challenger.
I hear you made a pretty good show of it yesterday.
You woke me from my sleep for this boy, show me the twenty gold crowns so we can get this started.
Wanting to get right down to losing your gold, Bowie thought in his head.
I understand, lose the gold and spend the rest of the day drinking the misery away.
Bowie smiled at him and pulled out Kilen coin purse and counted twenty gold crowns into his hand as the guardsman watched.
He placed them back when he was finished and re tied the purse.
The guardsman did the same and then strung his longbow.
Id rather not lose a lot of these Crescent Arrows so l will go first, and if you can not beat my shot in three I will take my coin and leave.
He did not wait for Bowie acknowledgement he pulled back the bow and took aim at the target.
They were standing about fifty paces from the target, it would be an easy shot to the center from here.
He let loose his arrow and hit the target.
His arrow landed in the blue ring touching the space between that ring and the red circle.
Bowie nodded and turned away from the target.
He wanted to make sure that everyone saw just how much better he was than the guardsman.
He walked ten paces farther away from the target as the crowd that had gathered started to divide up the winnings.
Bowie pulled an arrow from his quiver and inspected its fletching.
Then he took aim.
He made sure not to aim at dead center, he did want to give the crowd a show.
He let the arrow fly and it hit near the other mans arrow but in the red circle touching the space in between.
In order for the guardsman to beat that arrow, he would have to make his second shot from the same distance.
He turned to walk out and gave Bowie a disgruntled look before he finished the distance.
He took out his second arrow and took a more careful aim this time.
When the arrow hit the target it was still no closer than his first.
Maybe I should have made the first shot so you knew what you were up against, Bowie said taunting him.
If he got angry it would hurt his aim, and insure Bowie win.
The guardsmen took his third arrow out and inspected it and placed it in his bow.
The crowd that had been so quick to bet against Bowie was at the side lines watching sweat began to trickle down their brows as if the sun was in the sky at its peak, and the heat was blazing down on them.
He released the third arrow, and it struck farther out than the first two arrows.
The crowd started to get angry and take back their bets, but those who had bet for Bowie were holding their own.
Bowie took a second arrow from his quiver and gave it to the guardsman.
Seeing as though you did not know what you were up against perhaps you should take another shot.
Those are the same Crescent arrows that you use.
They are a bit better because they are my own personal stock, and to make myself clear I made the ones that you already loosed, Bowie said smiling at him.
The guardsman looked at the arrow in his hand and then back at Bowie.
The Master Fletcher Crescent is a boy, I should have known.
I will not be taken pity on by you.
You won fair and square.
He handed the arrow back and untied his coin purse and handed it to Bowie.
He tied it next to Kilen and made his way back to the fletcher followed by the guardsman.
By the way, my name is Ross.
I am the King sergeant of the guard here in Basham.
The King has asked me to purchase any war supplies that are exceedingly good in quality.
I think I would like to employ you as a fletcher for the King himself, if you are interested.
Thanks but I do well enough on my own.
I will remember your name though in case I am ever in Basham and I have a dozen or two to sell.
I thought you ought to know I am about to sell some to the fletcher here.
It will be the last of my supply for quite awhile, I am afraid.
He nodded and made his way out of the range pushing past the mad gamblers he had obviously beaten in the competition yesterday.
Bowie was now standing at the far edge of the range from the target.
He took the arrow the guardsman had handed back and took careful aim at the target.
The bow let out a distinctive twang that silenced the angry gamblers.
The arrow struck the center of the target.
While Bowie retrieved his arrows from the target he noticed the winnings being separated without argument.
Bowie then collected his winnings and thanks from the crowd.
When he turned he saw the stable master with the piebald and the skewbald.
Bowie paid him the four gold plus a couple silver marks for his delivery.
He saw all the rest of the supplies he had ordered gather around the horses.
He paid out each shopkeeper and provided a tip for each.
The fletcher apprentice returned with Charger, whose bags were full with Bowie supplies to be sold here at Basham.
The fletcher was surprised to find that Bowie had made his store best quality arrows.
The fletcher had even tried to sell Bowie his own arrows.
He agreed that the arrows would be worth twice what he was already charging for them, due to Bowie performance.
The Fletcher bought what stock Bowie would sell him, leaving Bowie with two dozen arrows.
When all the business was finished Bowie mounted Charger and led the two other horses back to the Wandering Spring.
He had started out today thinking that they needed to bargain for every sliver of copper, and returned with a coin purse twice the size he had left with.
Bowie could already tell that it would be a good day.
He plucked a flower from a window planter and breathed of it deeply as he walked his bounty back towards the Wandering Spring.
Kilen was startled awake when Erica brought a morning meal into the room.
His sister and the wizard were still sleeping.
At least Kilen thought his sister was sleeping.
He still did not understand what the wizard had done to her.
All he knew was that she was alive and unhurt, and so was the city.
Kilen looked down to see that he had fallen asleep with his hand on the pommel of his sword.
He felt refreshed and whole.
He breathed deep to check the rib he had broken.
There was no pain.
It was like he had slept there on that pallet for weeks.
While Kilen pulled his boots on and washed in the fresh water that had been left in the night.
Erica went to Kara and spoon fed her broth until the bowl was empty.
Kilen reached in his pocket and found the blue ribbon that Kara had worn on Springfest.
He gently tied it around the hit of the sword right against the crossguard.
He felt as if it belonged there.
With that tied to his sword he would always know why he took this quest on.
He tied the sword to his belt and felt the power of water and earth pass through him when he handled it.
He could rest his hand on his sword comfortably now, while wielding the power that it held.
Kilen had begun to eat his meal when the wizard woke and joined him in eating.
He too washed his face.
He placed his hand on Kara forehead and Kilen saw his eyes turn blue in the using of water magic.
She just fine, and doing much better with that broth in her stomach, he said to Kilen.
Thank you Erica.
Will you see that my horse is made ready.
She left them in the room, and he turned to Kilen.
Are you ok.
Kilen finally had time to truly search his feelings, without the magic of the rings interfering in his choice.
I know what I must do, and it feels right to me.
I will not abandon my sister.
I know the kindness in her heart.
I am glad that I was here when she found out she is a wizard.
This way I can at least help her.
I know that I would have felt guilty if I had not been there when it happened.
You will find that the choice will become easier once we are with the King and she is out of danger.
How do you feel this morning.
Wonderful, I cannot believe the how much I have healed in one night.
Good, Slowly remove one of the rings from the chain and see how you feel then.
Kilen removed the chain from around his neck and slowly undid the clasp and dropped the ring into the wizard hand.
The strength went from him along, with the feeling of being able to run forever.
He still could feel some power and could probably lift the wizard off the floor easily, but still feeling whole.
I am fine without it, should I try the other.
If you are up to it.
Remember I will be here to give it back to you just in case you are not ready.
Kilen nodded and dropped the chain into the wizard hands.
The last of his strength and endurance departed leaving Kilen feeling like he had chopped wood for the better part of the day.
His muscles were fatigued, but he could stand and walk.
You recover quickly.
That is good.
I, however, still feel a bit fatigued.
Would you mind, Armor bearer, to restore some more energy to me.
the wizard asked earnestly.
Kilen nodded and placed the rings back onto his chain and around his neck.
He grabbed the hilt of his sword resting on the belt, and the water and earth magic filled him.
He concentrated on the water in the room, placed his hand over the wizards and pushed hard with the earth magic restoring the wizard endurance.
This is enough boy.
You push yourself to great.
I feel as if you are going to master these abilities quicker than any student I have ever had before.
Twilix will have a grand time teaching you.
They packed all the items that had been used the night before and picked Kara up off the pallet.
When she began to stir, the wizard lowered her back onto the pallet.
It is time watch closely.
I will not put her under so deep this time so that you can practice yourself later today.
He placed his hands on her forehead and motioned Kilen to come closer.
Place your hands on her so that you can feel as well as see what it does.
Kilen held his sister hand as he watched the water flow through her in a kind of inner current through her body.
When the wizard did this Kara body temperature lowered back to a slightly feverish.
Do you think you can do that if the need arises.
I know I can.
Would you like me to try to put her under more.
No, not just now.
If something were to go wrong I would like to be able to fix it.
Kilen, this is a kind of healing the only kind that will be difficult at a distance.
If you cool her too much she will die, not enough and she will become an inferno.
I know where the limits of a fire wizard are.
You must not push her temperature lower than it is right now.
The fire magic has its effect on her body.
Fire, to her, heals.
If she is in need of healing we would place her near a fire if not into it.
She will not burn the fire elemental magic protects her.
Kilen nodded, watching and feeling Kara.
This knowledge might be the only thing that keeps her alive.
They both grabbed one of Kara arms, picked her up into a standing position, and moved down the stairs and through the kitchen out into the stable yard.
The Wizards chestnut horse was saddled and packed.
Erica was there holding a handkerchief full of honey cakes.
She hugged the wizard and nodded to Kilen in thanks.
He nodded back to her and turned to see Bowie mounted on Charger come into the stable yard from the street.
He was leading two other horses fully saddled and packed.
Bowie tossed a coin purse to Kilen.
When Kilen caught it he felt as if it was filled to the seams.
He opened it to examine the contents and found he indeed had more gold in it than before.
Kilen looked at Bowie quizzingly.
Some archer thought that twenty gold was a good price to bet against my aim.
Little did he know that the arrows he used were mine.
They both laughed and exchanged stories of their nights.
Kilen crossed to each horse and gave them a boost of energy, feeling them for wounds or sores, but found none.
The wizard finally moved to Kilen and Bowie to give them instructions.
Bowie it is your choice whether or not you will continue on with us.
If you do not I would ask that you carry with you the message of what has transpired with Kilen and Kara.
Bring his mother word so that she can make arrangements to come and visit them in the castle.
We will have to send a messenger, because for the last year that little git has followed us around everywhere.
Well, I got use to it and she more of a sister to me than I thought possible.
I will go with you and offer my bow to the King, in hopes of helping Kilen make payments.
The wizard smiled at the news from Bowie.
The three mounted and started out of the yard.
The two boys waved at Erica in hopes that they would return to see her one day.
Bowie turned Charger around and rode up to Erica pulling on the reins.
Charger whinnied and put its front legs in the air.
When Charger settled Bowie bent low in the saddle and produced a small yellow flower.
Erica took it from his hand and curtsied.
Kilen rolled his eyes and they rode out of the town.
The road out of the town was empty except the occasional farmer rolling by with a cart and team.
Very few houses were on the main road.
As this was the edge of the water realm, the people here wanted to avoid robbers and thieves that traveled the roads that stretched the country.
This particular highway went from Port Craven on the coast of the water kingdom, all the way to Kingston, where the Earth Realm king castle was.
The path was made of hard packed dirt made by the continuous travelers.
Wizard Parker stopped and turned his horse in the road to face the other three.
Kilen, if you would join me up here we will start your training again.
Bowie, it would be good for you to listen, so stay close.
You just might learn what we face up ahead.
The wizard started his horse walking again and spoke so everyone could hear him.
Your fate have been tangled with mine by the mark I made on your sword, so from here on out I would like it if you called me Brent.
After all we should get to know each other as friends.
When we arrive at the Earth Realm, I will assume my old command of the water seat on the Wizard Council in the Earth Realm.
The Wizard Council.
Kilen asked bringing his horse up beside Brent is.
Yes, and it is to them that our judgments will fall upon.
They are the wizards law, there is a council in each realm comprised of a wizard representative from each element.
In order to stay out of trouble and keep that sword belonging to you we will have to prove two things.
One, that the sword was given to you by birthright, and that your father was a legitimate weapon bearer.
If your father was indeed the scout for Wizard Calvin he will be recognized straight away.
The good thing is that sword looks to be recognizable with its silver wrapped sheath.
It is the standard look of all the Earth Realm soldiers.
First Wizard Calvin might even remember imbuing it.
Although my father is one hundred and seventy six years old and his memory is little sketchy on some minor things.
Your father is one hundred and seventy six years old.
Kilen said, now standing in his stirrups.
Wait, and he the King Wizard Advisor.
Yes, but that is a tale for later.
Right now I am to advise you on how we should approach the Wizard Council, and my father council to the king.
Bowie shouted over them, Wait, Ok.
Your father is the King Wizard Advisor, who imbued Kilen father blade years ago making him a weapon bearer.
Do not you think that it is a little strange that the son of both men meet up perchance in some ally with a fire wizard.
Brent turned around in his saddle to look at Bowie, Perhaps the Brights willed us to meet in that alley way.
I do not question the past.
I do, however, find it strange that a boy who has never met a wizard before can not hold his tongue when one speaks.
Hey.
I thought we were supposed to be talking as friends.
Both of you need to listen to this as if your lives depended on its outcome, whether or not I speak as your friend.
He resumed his forward position, First prove that sword belonged to your father, and your father was a rightful weapon bearer.
Once we do that the King will be unable to strip it from you by right of inheritance.
Then all we have to do is prove my need to mark it was an emergency.
The second task belongs to me alone, and it is my head that lays on the chopping block for the outcome of that.
Well that is good news.
I would hate to be the only one left to support Kara, Bowie piped up from behind them.
I have a half a mind to freeze your lips shut.
Brent snapped without looking back.
The statement must have taken effect because Bowie did not respond.
Now then, when those are all cleared up, there is still the problem of your sister.
The king has declared that if an untrained wizard is found, he or she is to be brought to the council to see if they are dangerous.
Your sister is definitely dangerous, but the king has more in mind than just the danger.
He also wants to help them choose to stay under his control for use in his army.
Each wizard he collects in this fashion enhances his strength.
He wants every wizard to fall under his control.
So he can control the amount of things being imbued.
I think this is where I will gain some favor from the king.
I will just have to convince them that I did need your help and we prevented the loss of a fire wizard.
An untrained weapon bearer being needed to subdue a fire wizard.
Is not that stretching it.
Kilen asked earnestly.
It is, but we will have to convince them that it was my only choice, given my exhaustion.
Brent sat quiet to make sure that he had covered the main points on how he had worked out the situation so that he and Kilen would not be in any trouble.
Once the judgment of innocence is past.
If innocence is passed, Bowie whispered.
Brent turned to give Bowie a stern look and Bowie turned his gaze to the side of the road in embarrassment.
WHEN the innocence judgment is passed you will begin your training with the other soldiers that come in during Springfest.
What does the training consist of.
Every soldier must pass weapons, bows and, battle formations, otherwise they will become a scribe or other support for the army.
Then there are other classes which will determine what you will become such as writing, math, herbs, cooking, history, and animal knowledge.
Each class you will receive one week of training in.
At the end of the class you will test.
To see if you have any talent in that area.
Our king likes to have his armies trained in the areas they work.
If you are not good at handling a sword then you should not be a soldier, but instead a cook for a soldier.
A stable master if you have an adeptness for the animals and so on.
Unfortunately, scouts seem to be a jack of all trades, so you aim high.
Well I guess it is good my father wanted me to stay in school until my eighteenth birthday.
When was that.
the wizard asked.
Yesterday, Kilen could not believe it had been only one day since his jump out the schoolhouse window, or the encounter with the stag.
He had come a long way since he had started his adventure.
This is what he had wished for since he was a child, dreaming of the day he would get out of Humbridge and see the world.
How do you fare at the subjects I mentioned.
Math, history, writing, and herbs will be easy enough.
My mother always cooked my meals with my sister help.
I never owned a horse or dog so I do not know much about that.
What about weapons.
This could be the most important one.
Scouts have to be able to handle themselves in almost every situation.
My mother would have stripped my hide if she had found me even play sword fighting with sticks.
My father asked her to make sure I would never join the army.
Kilen sighed, feeling as if he had disappointed his father.
I have a sling, and my mother let me shoot a bow from time to time.
The fletcher in Humbridge was a little steep on his prices, so I got little practice, Kilen looked back at Bowie.
Bowie smiled in return, jingling his full coin purse.
They laughed and the wizard continued.
I will have to find you a tutor for the sword then.
Most new recruits have at least held one.
It will be your job to pass the rest of your classes in short order so that you can make the most of your test with the sword.
This might be a bigger problem than the wizard council.
Since you are going to be an armor and weapon bearer you will be given extra classes during the day in magic.
Your father was supposed to train you before you joined the army, but there are always some whose father have died.
There are also those whose parent is were lacking the ability to teach.
I will have to find you a tutor for those as well.
Twilix, perhaps.
However, if you desire to be a scout then I trust you will try very hard to become one.
You can also test early if you want and gain a week for training by showing each instructor that you are proficient and do not need instruction.
If you can truly pass any of those classes with ease, you could make up precious time for learning the sword.
This way if you fail the first time.
You demonstrate loyalty to the King allowing you to try again, some commanders needed extra time with numbers before they were allowed to take on a company of men.
Well, at least I can train you in magic on the way so that you will be head of the class in that area.
I have been watching and your eyes have been blue for quite some time.
Are you watching your sister or practicing viewing the world with the water magic.
A little of both I suppose.
I also have been watching the energy used by us and the horses.
Excellent, have you noticed anything else or have any questions about the ability.
How far can I push this vision, and should I keep using the magic all the time.
Brent smiled.
He was glad that his new student would be able to think of questions to ask other than how he could impress others by using it.
Your vision cannot be pushed much farther than what you could normally see on a dark night, but each wizard is different in the distance.
I am very weak in the power.
You should be stronger than me even though I gave you the mark.
The magic is drawn from within you.
All I have done is just give you a key of sorts to open yourself to using it.
The amount you can use or should hold during a day only you can determine.
So if you are especially tired you might want to use it less or stagger it with another armor bearer around you.
For example, use it only while you are on watch.
I will save my energy and let you take over so you can see how it affects you tonight.
Tell me is there anything you can sense right now that I might not be able to.
There are three rabbits in the bush ahead.
Bowie perked up and quickly strung his bow and knocked an arrow.
Brent waved Bowie on, and he kicked Charger into a full run to get to the bush.
Kilen went to Kara side to support her in the saddle.
Bowie whooped and yelled until the rabbits ran from underneath the bush.
He chased them and let loose five arrows catching and pinning two of the rabbits to the ground.
He retrieved his arrows and the rabbits he had caught.
They are hard to catch, always running from side to side, he said to the wizard that was obviously impressed.
Well you are obviously very modest, he chuckled at his own joke, Still, you were able to hit a moving target as small as a rabbit while riding a horse.
You know the other day I heard of a boy from Humbridge wrestling a deer and breaking its neck, and now a boy just as talented with the bow from the same village.
Bowie chuckled back, Actually, that boy was us.
Well, I mean we did not wrestle it.
Kilen tried to chase it into me and I shot it in the eye when it charged Kilen.
The bloody thing broke its neck in the fall, but you know how these stories can get out of hand.
Yes, wellthis seems like a fine place to take a bit of a break and cook our noon meal.
Bowie started skinning the rabbits and found some sticks to skewer them.
Kilen built a fire and got it going.
They all unloaded Kara and let her horse rest.
While the meal was cooking Kilen reached out to each horse and found that he could heal them and energize them from a small distance.
This took quite a bit more effort.
Brent nodded in approval that Kilen was advancing without the need for instruction.
Brent took down a pot from his bags and put it on the ground.
Kilen, come here for a second.
I want to show you something.
Kilen moved to sit down next to Brent on a fallen log.
Take your sword and place the tip inside this pot.
Concentrate on the water in the air and push it together onto the tip of the sword.
Kilen followed the instructions and before long drops of water were falling, from the swords tip into the pot.
Kilen thought that sweat was beading on his forehead just as fast as the sword tip.
He pulled harder on the water in the air, ground, and plants.
Soon there was a trickle coming off the sword, then a steady stream until the pot was filled.
Kilen moved to each horse and filled his palm with water as they drank.
Kilen moved around the camp filling water skins as Brent spoke to him, giving instruction or advice.
He was elated to be able to perform such a small task with the magic.
If you practice this you will be able to move the water you put into the pots, and eventually be able to gather water from the air and direct it as a weapon.
I did this the night I met you by pulling water from the barrels on the side of the street.
Kilen thought about what he had seen and remembered watching the young wizard manipulate the water.
Kilen saw a small cup beside Bowie and felt the water inside it.
Brent was checking the meat cooking on the fire and his back was turned to Kilen.
Kilen decided that he would try, only the wizard would know if he had failed.
Kilen concentrated on the water inside the cup.
At first nothing moved.
The surface of the water in the cup began to tremble and slowly a finger of water reach toward the sky.
Kilen realized he had been holding his breath.
When he breathed the finger dropped back into the cup.
Taking a couple of breaths he tried again the finger reached up quicker the second time.
Slowly the finger pulled up into the air above the cup to form a sphere of water.
The struggle to hold the form of the sphere of water took a lot out of him.
The more you practice the easier it will become.
The water is using its own magical properties to do what you will it to do.
The water may seem heavy to move in your mind, but it is no heavier than it was before.
In fact, when you become better at it the water will seem to become lighter.
It is good to keep trying.
Bowie had finished with the rabbits and cleaned his knife with the water from his cup.
Kilen caught some of the water he poured before it hit the ground.
Fighting the downward force of the rest of the water he only managed to slow it slightly before hitting the ground.
Bowie took no notice.
He dried his blade and set the rabbits to cooking.
Kilen knew that he would refill his cup from the water skin soon enough so he concentrated on it.
Using the water vision he saw that Bowie water skin was just over half full.
He moved the water inside the skin so that it sloshed back and forth on the dead tree it sat on.
Kilen tried to pick up the entire contents of the water skin after it had settled.
Bowie grabbed the skin before he could lift it and tried to pour himself a drink.
Kilen held the water in the form that it had taken.
No water came out of the skin no matter how Bowie shook it or squeezed it.
Kilen asked as sweat trickled down the side of his face, Having some trouble there Bowie.
There is something stuck inside this water skin.
I can not get the water to come out.
Bowie raised the water skin above his head to look inside the opening.
When he did Kilen released the water from the skin, and watched as Bowie shouted and soaked his jacket, shirt, and face with water.
Brent and Kilen laughed.
Bowie turned around to look at them still oblivious of what had actually happened.
That was very good Kilen.
You should try and move the water around now.
See if you can keep it from dousing your friend.
With that remark Kilen brought a sphere of water up to eye level with Bowie so that he could see it.
Bowie face flashed with recognition of what had happened.
Then he watched as the ball of water slowly danced around the fire pit and its occupants.
The horses paid no attention to the floating ball.
Brent then started to manipulate the water ball against Kilen will, pulling it and pushing with ease and a practiced hand.
Brent began feeding the ball water from the air as it moved around, making it grow in size and in difficulty to manipulate.
The ball got to be the size of a pail of water and was floating all over camp.
Bowie watched, waiting for the ball to come in his direction so he could jump out of the way.
The ball started to fly in Kilen direction, well above his head.
Bowie pulled an arrow from his quiver and shot the ball, bursting it.
The water fell from its form, landing as if it had been thrown onto Kilen.
He was soaked again, in his tattered clothes.
What is fair is fair, Bowie said as he got up to retrieve his arrow.
Brent laughed relentlessly at the two soaked boys standing in the camp.
Kilen went to his bags and pulled out a new set of clothes that Bowie had bought for him.
It was plain wool, to his relief.
He changed clothes and put the tattered clothes in his bag.
His mother had told him to waste nothing and he could use the cloth as patches or to polish his sword.
Well now that you are dry why do not you help Bowie get the water out of his clothes.
Brent got a look of confusion from Kilen.
Just because the water is split up into small pieces and fills the space between his clothing threads does not mean you can not control it.
Pull them out and put them back together in that ball of water.
Kilen looked at Bowie and felt the water in his clothing.
He began pushing it away from his body until the air around him appeared as though it were steaming.
It did not seem to matter what he did the water just was not becoming easier to move.
He concentrated on each individual piece and started to station them in the air while he pulled another out and added to the mass.
Soon there was a small sphere of water that was growing.
He started to pull more and more bits of water from Bowie clothing until he saw what seemed to be steam rising from Bowie shoulders.
He was starting to get a bit light headed.
He did not know if it was from the magic or from holding his breath.
When Bowie was dry Kilen tried to experiment.
He moved the ball of fog, slowly stretching it in all directions.
The result he got was fog in a small cloud in the air.
He moved more water from the air in the area to cover the whole camp in a light fog.
Bowie sat on the log now with Brent in completely dry clothes watching Kilen improve his skills.
He moved the fog so that he could clearly see the wizard by forming a dome just as Twilix did in Humbridge.
Brent bumped Bowie with his shoulder, and gave him a look of being impressed by the new student.
Then Kilen let the fog go and it dissipated back into the air.
He promptly sat down on the ground and took deep breaths to see if it would clear his head.
He smelled the roasting rabbits with a renewed hunger, Wow I feel as if I have not eaten in days.
You should be hungry.
It takes a lot out of you when learning new skills, Brent said.
It took me months to learn what you pick up naturally.
If I do get removed from the council maybe I should look at being a wizard instructor.
I think I have done fairly well with you.
I will have to step up the lessons.
Of you keep going at this rate you will be fully trained by the time we reach Deuterium.
The king will have no choice, but to see you as a full weapon bearer then.
The small group sat and chatted about the way they had fought with the water and Brent explained how to manipulate water that another wizard is using.
They both listened intently and Bowie picked up the sword to have a try using the magic.
Bowie was a quick learn but all he could manage was to produce a drop or two onto the tip of the sword.
We should extend our teaching to you each day.
In small amounts though, you do not have the earth power to restore your strength.
Bowie was excited at the thought of being trained also.
Bowie and Kilen started to pack up their gear and check the horses.
Brent stood facing with his chin resting on his balled hand.
Kara breathed in and out evenly, and her eyes had started to flutter.
Soon it would be time to subdue her again.
Kilen, with how strong you are I think we should be strong enough to try something.
Kilen went to stand beside Brent who, had taken on a very wizardly mask.
He was in deep thought watching Kara.
Kilen spoke to him to let him know he was ready.
What is it we are going to do to her.
Well, it would make it easier if she was awake enough to ride her horse without being tied down.
I intend to wake her up enough that she can move and talk a little.
We will have to watch her closely and both of us will have to subdue her from afar to keep her at the point between unconscious and a fire ball.
She will probably speak nonsense and complain about everything, but I have seen Twilix do this once with a fire wizard she had caught.
If this works she will follow commands, but will probably not be able to make decisions on her own, or carry on a conversation.
Kilen moved nearer to Kara and pulled the sword from the sheath, gripping it in both hands.
NO no no no, if I wake her too much I do not want her to see you as a threat and throw fire in your direction.
The more threatened and angry a fire wizard gets the harder they are to subdue and the more damage they cause.
Kilen sheathed the sword and buckled it on to his hip so that he could rest his hand naturally on the hilt.
Brent placed his hand on Kara head and his eyes turned deep blue.
When he finished Brent waved Kilen over to her and they pulled her closer to the still roasting coals of the fire.
Kilen watched the elements move in Kara and saw her body come awake.
Her eyes began to flutter.
She squinted at the light through the trees.
Brent reached up to shield her eyes so that she did not get angry.
She looked around and laid her head back on the pack she was using as a pillow.
They moved her away from the fire without disturbing her comfort to much.
She complained, You could not get me anything to eat.
I can smell food and you did not get me any.
Kilen hugged her and said, I will get you some cheese and bread.
Will that help.
Kara did not answer, but made a sound as if she thought that the food sounded good.
They put food in front of Kara on a plate and Kilen told her to eat.
She did and then sat looking at the empty plate swaying back and forth on the ground.
Brent nodded to Kilen and they helped Kara into her saddle.
Kara, follow us please, and be nice to your new horse.
At that Kara pet the horse neck and patted him.
I will call you Grant.
You look like a Grant, Grant, she said to the horse.
They continued down the road, Kilen and Brent watching every move that Kara made.
She had only eyes for the horse, and talked to him often.
Bowie trailed behind with a motion from Brent.
He had no protection if Kara was to become fully awake.
Kilen was not sure he would be able to subdue his sister.
He did not like the idea of making her unconscious.
They traveled like that for most of the day, Brent only talking to let Kilen know that he was manipulating Kara, so he could watch.
Kilen started to help in maintaining Kara in her semi lucid state of mind.
It was easier than floating a ball of water around a campfire, but required that they touched her.
The sun had started to dip below the horizon when they could see a town in view.
It was not a town that had walls or street is but seemed to be a bit more of a village with houses built haphazardly.
Brent said loud enough for Bowie to hear, This is the Town Keepers.
It is on the edge of Lake Leviathan.
These people are here awaiting the return of a water king.
They were all servants of the water king and they stay to take up lodging when a new one arises.
These people are a sort of annoyance to King Atmos.
They do not build walls, and do not request his guards for protection so they do not have to pay taxes.
They sit and wait for the return of their new king.
Being a water wizard, they will welcome us with open arms.
I will talk to them about allowing a fire wizard to sleep in their town before we go inside.
These wooden houses would go up like kindling if she woke now.
We will sleep here for the night with their permission.
As the small party approached Keepers, Brent motioned Kilen to lean in close.
Kilen, ride so that you are just behind me and keep your hand on the hilt.
Ride as though you are a fully trained weapon bearer.
Sit up straight and give this town the confidence that they have nothing to fear except you.
Bowie said from behind them, In your other saddle bag there is a blue cloak.
Its fine enough for a lord.
The wizard nodded in approval to Bowie.
Kilen reached down and donned the deep blue traveling cloak.
The inside of the cloak was as black as night and both sides were made of a fine material that seemed to shimmer in the fading sunlight.
Brent nodded in approval, Now while we are getting settled I will give you more instructions.
You will not speak to anyone unless I tell you that you can.
You will look everyone in the eyes.
The people here will notice someone using water magic so do not use it unless you want to look like a fool.
They know a trained wielder when they see one.
They already know me and if we play this out right they will assume that you are very deadly.
The safer this town feels from your sister the better welcome we will receive.
Kilen started to scowl back at the wizard giving his best intimidating face.
You just look like a fool now.
Not like you are not mad at the world, just cautious.
Just try to meet every eye that we see.
Look at them long enough to say with your eyes, I see the darkest parts of your soul.
Kilen did not know if he had that kind of look in him.
They rode at a canter at the edge of the town.
There was no gate nor walls.
There were two men sitting on either side of the street on wooden stools.
The men were large and wearing full set of armor bearing the same crashing wave as Brent across their chests.
The town had a poor hometown feel to it, made of small houses with no signs of embellishments.
The two men stood and made their way down to the street to greet the late arrivals into the town.
Each man lifted an arm in a sort peaceful greeting.
When Brent got nearer they each hit a gauntleted fist on their breastplates in salute.
Greetings wizard, andarmor bearer.
Wizard Brent of the Earth Realm Council, Brent added giving himself the full title.
This is Kilen a weapon bearer from the Earth Realm.
When Brent introduced Kilen the guards looked at each other and then looked at Kilen eyes.
When they were both satisfied they then saluted him also.
Kilen nodded and saluted back, having the feeling it was right.
How can we aid your travels along, wizard.
Perhaps you have brought us a new king.
The guardsmen pointed his chin at Bowie in his red outfit.
Not this day sir, I am however in need of a place to rest this evening.
We are escorting a newly awakened fire wizard to the king.
The two men began to pull swords from their sheaths, Brent raised his hand to them.
Be at peace, Kilen and I have her under control.
You dishonor me thinking that I, a water wizard, would willingly walk an untamed fire wizard into Keepers.
They returned their swords to their sheaths, shrunk down at his raised voice, and offered a bow in apology.
Our apologies wizard, as long as she is truly subdued we will find comfortable accommodations for your people.
Welcome to Keepers, as a town rule we shall provide a two person escort for the fire wizard.
Sgt.
Wells will go with you now and another shall be coming shortly.
You should see Master Bradley at the kitchen near the waterfront.
Sgt.
Wells walked on the opposite side of the Brent saying nothing as they walked through the town.
Children came out of houses to get a glimpse of the visitors.
Parents leered in the house doors only taking a tiny bit less amusement with the travelers.
Kilen tried to look each person in the eye long enough that they knew him to be looking at them.
Most of the town people would look down or away at his gaze.
Kilen wanted to look away from the villager.
He had grown up thinking it rude to stare at people he did not know.
He knew that the same feelings were what made the villagers turn away now.
As they rode through the town a second man still strapping on his armor came to join Sgt Wells.
The second man was younger than the sergeant but just as large.
They put their heads together a couple times, and the younger man looked back at Kara and then at Kilen, looking at his eyes.
He too quickly looked away from them.
The town seemed skittish after they looked at Kilen, he felt as if his emotions were reflecting off of everyone in town.
He would continue to look them in the eyes no matter how nervous he got.
The group finally came to an open area with cook pots in the center and fires in formed into a large circle around them.
Small three walled structures surrounded the fires.
There was a large man moving from fire to fire smelling and tasting the contents of the cook pots placed there.
He had an apron full of spoons, forks, and herb sticking out of the pockets.
The belt he wore had variations of knives used to filet and chop.
The sergeant called to him as Master Bradley.
An adolescent boy with dark brown hair of a medium build was following him around adding herbs and spices into each pot as the he instructed.
Brent stopped the group and Sgt.
Wells went to talk with Master Bradley who immediately waved them towards a three sided structure.
Brent lead the group into the structure.
As they rode Kilen could feel the warmth from the fire and he closed his eyes, viewing the world with only the water vision.
The comfort of the warm fires was short lasted as he heard Kara let out a small moan.
Kilen felt the hairs on the back of his neck raise and he saw the water in Kara move faster than normal.
He reacted quickly, grabbing her by the shoulder and forcing water magic to subdue his sister, in fear of her turning into a ball of fire.
It would have raised the alarm and she would have fallen victim to the guardsmen if she came awake.
He looked at the wizard in fear as Kara slumped in her saddle almost falling out except that Bowie was there to catch her.
Brent was now facing Kilen, his deep blue eyes looking back into Kilen with recognition of what had happened.
He moved quickly to Kara and adjusted the water in her body slightly and led her horse closer to the fire.
You have acted too quickly.
Any more and you would have killed her, Brent said gently to Kilen.
Kilen shrunk at the statement from the wizard.
He had almost killed his sister.
The concentration that he had put into his demeanor vanished.
Sgt.
Wells spoke proudly, Good, One less fire demon to bother us in the kingdom of water.
He nodded his approval to Kilen.
THAT IS HIS SISTER CORPORAL WELLS.
Brent snapped at him and let the words sink in before he continued, Will you see a Water Realm person be killed because they have the unfortunate circumstance to be a fire wizard.
Would you kill a baby for crying in the night.
Would you kill a man because he as a stutter.
She has no other choice to be a fire wizard than she does to breath.
Brent asked the questions without letting the startled guard speak in between questions.
Sgt.
Wells opened his mouth but no words escaped it.
Brent spoke in a more commanding tone, See to it you find us nice accommodations for this evening.
Wells ran off into the town at a quick pace, Kilen knew that it was to find anything to make their stay more comfortable.
The cook walked up to Brent.
What is the problem wizard, I have not seen the Sergeant run like that since before the water kingdom fell.
The fire wizard almost came awake and the weapon bearer did his job.
The rest is between the sergeant and his hate for them.
Can I assume that the food will be as grand as when I last passed through.
You can.
Would you like the usual bit of herbs to help the body cooked in.
If you can provide that for my whole party except for the young ladies food.
She will be needing a broth for now, but will be able to eat a meal in the morning.
The cooked turned and started naming off herbs to his small assistant who then moved from pot to pot adding spices and herbs.
Kilen had not noticed the adolescent boy move up with the cook.
He was quiet and quick with his movements around the makeshift kitchen.
I will keep my son bringing the food to fill your plates until you tell him he can stop.
I will have the Sergeant bring fresh hay and supplies for the horses as well as for the bedding here.
When those tasks are completed have the Sergeant meet with me and bring another to escort the girl.
I have a task that I know he will be able to handle.
The cook nodded in acceptance and went about tasting and adjusting the food.
Brent examined Kara to find that all was well once they got her near the fire for a short time.
They unloaded their belongings in the dark and put them in one of the three sided structures.
The warmth from the fire seemed to fill its walls and it was much warmer than Kilen had thought it would be.
Wells came back with a second guard and began to brush down the horses.
Bowie asked permission and went looking about the town for any wine to drink or good merchandise to be bought.
Kilen ate a stew that had been cooked to perfection.
The herbs and spices filled his mouth and the taste seemed to renew his energy.
He removed both rings to see how tired he was.
He noticed that he was not.
The cook apprentice had introduced himself as Leroy Bradley and carried the same array of knives, herbs, and spices on his cooking apron as his father.
Kilen noticed that he took a bite of everyone food before allowing that person to eat it.
He finished three more bowls before picking up a half loaf of bread while listening to the fire crackle in front of them.
Brent watched every move that Kilen made, but said nothing.
The meal was eaten in silence, Kilen and Brent enjoying the smells and small comforts they were provided.
Sgt.
Wells had finished brushing the horses and bringing extra blankets for bedding on top of the fresh hay.
Brent pulled him away from the camp into the darkness just inside Kilen water vision.
When he returned he spoke to Kilen in a soft voice.
Sgt.
Wells has agreed to see to a bit of training in the sword tonight, I will watch Kara and stay in the camp.
I have told him a bit about you.
He has forgiven me for making him think you were a fully trained weapon bearer subduing your sister.
He has given me his word that he will not tell the others.
He will take you outside of the camp to give you some instruction.
Listen carefully now, he is a very capable man with the sword, and has devoted his life to the next Water Realm king, even before he has been crowned.
I will do my best.
That is all I can ask, now remember he has no magic so you must remove your rings and use your own strength.
He went to get some practice swords.
You will need to practice what he has taught you whenever you can.
I do not know how fortunate we will be to receive any weapons training while traveling.
Shall I leave my sword with you to train Bowie while I am gone.
You should never leave your sword with anyone you do not trust.
That sword cannot be taken from you for any reason, short of being a traitor to your king.
I would like to use every second I can to train Bowie in case something happens, but we can not risk looking suspicious to the people here.
Believe me, a weapon bearer that leaves behind his weapon is suspicious.
Kilen took the message to heart and rethought the idea of letting his sword out of his sight when he had been through so much to get it.
He also understood he was not only powerful and dangerous because he had the weapon, but the weapon was just as dangerous without him to keep it from falling in the wrong hands.
The sergeant rode up on a horse holding a second set of armor in his hands.
He bore four wooden practice swords also.
He looked down on Kilen from his high seat.
I understand you have been separated from your armor.
Here is an old set from the Water Realm.
It will need some care and a touch by a smith to be in full working order, but I offer it as an apology.
He held out the bundle.
In it there were bracers, a breastplate, a small shield and a dented helmet with no face piece.
Kilen reached up and grabbed the bundle and felt the weight hit him even while using magic from the sword.
If you want to ride out to scout the land a bit with me I would suggest the bracers and shield.
We will travel light so we can chase down any brigands we find.
I would enjoy the company of a weapon bearer to my usual sort, he nodded in the direction of the young soldier.
I will join you, and I accept your apology and give thanks.
I will pay for the armor.
There is no need for this gift as an apology, you did not know how not to insult me.
Kilen reached down to his coin purse and pitched forward when he removed his hand from the sword leaving the full weight of the armor to his unprepared muscles.
Kilen was sure that everyone saw him fall over, yet not one laugh was heard through the camp.
He knew they saw him as a weapon bearer and feared either his wrath or Brent is, he could not be sure which.
He picked up the armor and began to untie it so he could put on the pieces Wells had mentioned.
Brent helped him put the gray unpolished bracers on his arms, pulling them snug with leather straps on the inside of the forearm.
Kilen picked up the shield and slipped his rings back into his shirt.
Lead on Sergeant, Kilen said while standing beside the man on horseback.
Are you not going to mount your horse.
he asked Kilen I think I will be able to keep up, he said and looked to Brent.
Brent smiled back at Kilen knowing that this is one skill he could show that he really was a weapon bearer, and perhaps give this small town something to talk about.
The sergeant took off at a slow canter looking back at Kilen still standing in the same spot.
In the firelight, Kilen could see a confused look on his face.
Kilen leaped in the direction that he was going and covered twice the distance.
He then looked back at the mounted guard who looked at him in a mask of confusion.
Wells smiled and kicked his horse into a sprint.
Kilen let him pass and stood his ground, letting Wells make up some distance and then started to leap to catch up.
He now kept pace with the horse bounding along the road next to Wells.
They traveled out of town as fast as the light from the moon would let them.
Wells stopped in a heavily wooded area where there was a large clearing.
He dismounted and began unloading the practice swords.
Sir, may I ask how much training you have had in the sword so I can know where I shall help.
he asked.
Kilen shrugged his shoulders, I have no training Sergeant.
I have only just received the weapons and armor I wear on Springfest, the night before last.
I want you to teach me as if I was a regular beginner.
Anything you can help me with would be an improvement.
Wells regarded Kilen while rubbing his chin, If you have learned to control earth magic like that and you are able to subdue a fire wizard in only one full day of training, you are worthy of being an armor bearer in my opinion.
I will teach you the best I can in the time that I have.
I hope that this instruction serves you well.
Wells handled a couple of the practice swords and finally decided to hand Kilen one about the same size as a short sword.
He took one of similar length.
You may want to use your shield until you become better trained.
I need you to take off your armor and your magic imbuements.
If you use earth strength in our training you could break my bones or kill me very fast.
Even with wooden practice swords.
Kilen remembered what Brent said about being separated from his sword.
He looked up into a tree near the fighting area and leapt to the top and rested his sword in the branches.
He then fell to the ground and bent his knees to absorb the impact.
He took the earth rings on the chain from around his neck and put them in his coin purse.
He felt his body regain its normal strength.
He felt the full weight of the shield and bracers, and the weighted practice sword.
Wells nodded in approval and took a fighting stance, holding his shield and sword up.
Kilen tried to imitate him as best he could.
Wells moved and gave him a couple pointers.
Chest up.
Bring your shield up just below your eyes to be ready to block.
Bend your knees a bit farther.
Wells paused, looking Kilen up and down, and then got back into his position only this time standing beside Kilen.
In a fight, never cross your feet, shuffle them so they do not get tangled.
Move only one foot at time, keeping one flat on the ground.
If you move forward, your front foot moves first.
if you move back, your back foot first.
Kilen nodded and the pair began a kind of dance in the moonlight, with Kilen following Well every move.
You are a bit stiff, but practice will loosen that up.
I will show you how to move in a fight.
If I move to the right, you move right to keep me in front of you.
If I move left, you move left.
If I move forward, you move back.
Keep me with our fronts facing each other, looking into your enemies eyes.
When you get into a real fight you will be looking for the other fighter footwork to mess up.
If that happens you probably have just found an opportunity to strike and end the fight.
Now if I move at an angle, you move at the opposite angle but turn towards me.
Kilen began moving again with Wells, this time countering his step.
He felt a bit like when his mother had taught him a couple formal dances.
This lesson was different in that if he misstepped Wells would give him a rap with his practice blade.
Twice Kilen dropped his sword because of these strikes, which earned him another strike and a stab to the gut.
Once he got hit in the neck for lowering his shield and then dropped the shield ending in more punishment.
His body was becoming bruised and tired from holding the blade and shield in front of him, and he had not even begun to swing it yet.
Sweat dripped from his eyebrow and his shirt was damp from the effort.
Sgt.
Wells seemed to be unaffected by the physical exertion, and he was swinging his sword to help correct Kilen.
A small thought occurred to Kilen as he was receiving his training and now it began to grow in the back of his mind.
Ross could have been trying to weaken him so that he could get his rings and sword.
The wizard had just warned him about this, and it was fresh in his mind.
The fear started to grow in his mind, and by instinct he began to react quicker and deflect some of the blows that were sent his way.
The act earned him praise for learning to react, then Ross stepped up his training, swinging faster and harder.
Kilen knew there was still a possibility of treachery here and set his mind to focusing on protecting himself.
Wells threw Kilen a water skin from his horse, Drink.
You look to have worked all day with the amount you are sweating.
Sergeant Wells watched as Kilen drank the water offered, letting him rest.
May I give you a bit of advice.
Kilen nodded as he was too winded to answer.
I earned my title of sergeant by beating an armor bearer in the practice ring three times.
The competition only took about fifteen minutes, but it was enough to wear him completely down.
He wore his armor all the time.
It gave him a false sense of strength.
You see, your body begins to slowly lose muscle because the magic in the armor is compensating.
I ask that when you practice or do things that might seem menial, you should always do it without the earth magic to help.
The armor bearer I fought had to fight me on equal ground.
When he removed his armor to fight me, he found that he could only last a short time at full speed and strength.
My advice, do not learn to depend on the magic.
You may need your body someday.
Kilen let the words sink in, still breathing hard.
He had worn the rings and the sword from the first moment that he received them.
He wondered if Brent even knew of the danger to weapon bearers, to warn him of it.
Kilen began to trust Sergeant Wells more than he had a moment ago, but only a little.
They began to practice again, this time Wells showed Kilen flows of attack.
The attacks with sword were graceful and involved moving his feet and hips as well as his sword.
It was graceful and Kilen had no aptitude for it.
His skills were in books, art, and words.
He knew what the practice forms would look like on paper and how to describe them, but to get his body to perform them he failed.
Wells would provide the same punishment for a misplaced foot or a hip not rotated enough or a knee not bent when it should be.
Kilen started to feel as if he were an old man as every move of his body pained him.
When Wells thought that Kilen positioning was enough to get him by until he could get more training, he stopped him again and gave him a water skin.
You must practice every moment of your day if you are to become good with a blade.
Most fathers who raise up soldiers have taught their sons what I taught you by age fifteen, but those boys have the drills to perfection.
If you are to truly become a full weapon bearer, you have to devote every spare minute to this art.
Your blade must be as deadly as your magic.
Thank you for the lessons and I apologize for deceiving you today.
You do not know how much you have helped me here.
I am very grateful.
If I can help you or your town in any way please name it and I will do my best.
If you want to thank me, use what I have taught you.
If the water kingdom ever regains its king, remember where you grew up and consider returning to be a weapon bearer for the new king.
Kilen reached out and offered his hand.
Wells shook his hand as an agreement of the terms.
Wells nodded and began to walk his horse towards the road.
Kilen looked up into the tree and saw his sword resting comfortably at the top.
He decided that it would honor Wells to climb the tree, and so he did.
His limbs were weak as he started up the slippery branches and the needles of the ever green scraped his skin.
He was close the sword when he reached out and slipped but caught the branch on which he stood with the pit of his arm.
It knocked the air out of him and he frantically searched for a foothold below.
He pictured Brent yelling at him for being foolish about not using magic.
When he found a branch he stood up for a moment to regain his composure.
Wells watched from below, drinking from a water skin.
Kilen redoubled his effort and this time was successful.
He reached the sword and felt the strength return to him as he tied it to his belt.
He took off his hand and the magic faded from him.
He looked down at the distance he had covered, took a deep breath, and returned to the bottom without magic aid.
Wells smiled in approval and they walked together down the road back to Keepers.
Shortly after Kilen had left the camp, Bowie returned and began drinking two of the bottles of wine the town folk would part with.
His plate was filled, again and again until he figured out he would have to beat the cook kid off with a stick to get him to leave his plate alone.
Instead, Bowie decided it would be better to talk to him, after all he had no one to talk to with.
The wizard was chatting with guards and cooks.
Kilen was off somewhere with a swordsmen.
He offered the boy a cup of wine, which he refused.
Hey what is with your town here, there no shops, no mayor or lords.
The boy smiled.
You do not know the story of Keepers.
Bowie shook his head that he had not.
The boy plopped himself down beside Bowie and started talking in an excited voice.
Well, in the lake just at the edge of town is where the Water King castle was, or isIt is made of magic.
The story goes, when a new king has been crowned he will take his queen to the middle of the lake and command the castle to rise again.
The castle Leviathan will rise from the water in all its glory, ready for the Water Realm people to take over the positions.
Well, the people here in keepers are what is left of the population from when the last water king was here.
My father was the head chef in the castle close to ten years ago.
Of course I was there.
I do not remember much about it, but the memories I do have are some of my fondest.
Anyway, we wait here for the next king to be crowned so we can help build the kingdom.
We keep our loyalty to the Water Realm and the King to be so that when he arrives he will still find a warm reception.
The Earth Realm king does not like us because we are loyal to a king that will someday take back the Water Realm lands from him.
We can not build buildings or become a real city with shops because by wizard council rules, the Earth Realm King cannot harm us because we do not outright defy him by having shops or a mayor.
We just happen to be a bunch of random people living in the same spot.
He laughed, So we live humble on the banks of the magic water kingdom, awaiting its restored glory.
He finished and Bowie realized that his mouth was hanging open.
They had lived so close to this town and he had never heard the story.
He accounted the lack of knowledge to the fact that the people of Humbridge were a people that did not make waves, to paid taxes and simply survived with what the fates gave them.
Maybe it was an attempt by the King to keep others from joining the Keepers town.
By the way, my name is Leroy, Leroy Bradley, next in line to be the water kingdom kitchen master.
He puffed up when he spoke of the title then sagged right after.
If that happens during my lifetime, that is.
Ca not you just leave.
Bowie asked in surprise.
Leroy shook his head, My father being, the head chef, and my mother, being as the medicine lady here, have both trained me in their arts.
I am supposed to be presented to the new king to fill whichever role he wishes of me so that my parents can retire.
Which is fine and all, but living in this town until then could be more than I can handle.
In Keepers we all work for the greater good, from sunup to sundown.
I plow, harvest, fish, repair, cook, clean, and work all manner of things all day long.
When I was little and I started to deliver my father meals to the visitors in town, they would give me tips.
I had always seen to their horses so I saved my money and last year I turned fifteen.
My dad said I could buy something from a peddler.
I found out I could buy two horses that were carrying goods.
When I bought them they were immediately taken to use for plowing fields.
So you see, living here can be for a worthy cause but there is nothing to call my own.
My father says that I am a valuable asset and someday there will need to be others to keep the tradition of Keepers alive.
Bowie felt bad for the boy and asked another question before he realized he had spoken.
Why do not you just leave.
If you are as talented as you say you are, you could work easy enough.
I asked my father that once and he said I could leave if it was a worthy enough cause.
I think a worthy cause would have to be from a water wizard asking, or the new water king for that matter.
Leroy threw a stick he had been fiddling with into the nearest fire.
Bowie nodded.
He was trying to understand the people here.
They had nothing to call their own but gave everything to a person that had not even been crowned.
Well, you should package up some of those herbs you put in our food and sell that to outsiders.
I feel like I have slept for days, and it is past time for me to be sleeping.
They sat by the fire talking for a while longer.
Brent returned, checked on Kara, and sat down with them on the fire side.
They all watched the flames and listened to a musician somewhere in the town play tunes to dance to.
Before long, another musician joined in at the fire and people started dancing to the music.
It is like this every night, also.
That part I do not mind.
More people joined in and before long a full figured woman with two kids came to join Bowie.
She asked him to dance, talking to her two children about how fine lords dance.
Bowie did not have a chance to dance on Springfest, but whirling around the campfires, dancing to the music made up for it.
He was passed on to girls of varying ages.
He saw Brent tapping his foot to the beat of the music, checking on Kara all the while.
He refused any request to dance and pointed at Kara.
They went to find another partner without saying much more.
Bowie danced until his shirt was clinging to him with sweat, and his legs felt like they would give way.
None of the girls he had danced with talked much, but they smiled and thanked him for the pleasure of dancing with a lord.
He was hoping to share the second bottle of wine with one and spend the night getting to know her warmth.
He was told by two different married women that they could use new bloodlines around Keepers and tried to convince him to stay.
He cordially refused the offers.
Bowie went to his bags and drained what was left inside his water skin, then stood staring into the fire.
He felt the bag seem to gain weight and looked down to see it filled again.
Brent smiled at him and told him where to sleep.
Bowie unpacked his blanket roll and tucked himself into the straw for the night.
Bowie felt that he was the odd man out.
Kilen had a sword with magic and Brent and Kara were both wizards.
They would be tied to the King one way or another.
Sure he had his bow, but a bow could only get him so far in a king army.
Wizards and weapon bearers were known in the legends, not their companions.
Bowie reminded himself that he was here to help friends in need.
He was here for Kara, not to become a hero.
Kara and her brother were as close as a brother and sister, he would do what he had to help them.
Glory and honor would have to wait.
Kilen walked into the camp alongside Sgt.
Wells who looked as if he had already had a full night is sleep.
Kilen himself had to keep resisting the urge to grab a hold of his magic to gain strength.
The training was brief and only a small amount of what he would receive in the king court, but to him it was more intense than chopping wood all day or stoking the blacksmith fire.
His life in Humbridge had fallen short of the physical needs to keep up with those in the soldier line of work.
His body was heavy, even for his non magic strength.
He felt the bruises starting to surface on his arms, legs, shoulders, and legs.
The bracers and shield had provided little protection from Sgt.
Wells.
He forced himself to keep his promise to Wells, in using his magic little to keep his body from deteriorating.
The town was silent and most people were already fast asleep.
He could still see the campfires raging at the far end of town where his friends were.
The town was small, not leaving much to anyone.
The people he had been in contact with each had a job, but the town seemed like they were one family, each person taking care of one another.
Kilen felt like he was at home in Keepers, with people he could trust.
The houses were made with straw roofs and stone and clay walls.
They were big enough that a small family could live inside with a few possessions, if they kept any.
There were no real streets just muddy paths, used more than other muddy paths.
Dogs and cats kept pests at bay, while watchers at the town edges kept intruders away.
This was a home town and Kilen could see himself making it his.
Brent sat at the campfire with the cook apprentice, chatting about the world abroad.
Bowie was fast asleep in the three sided structure.
Kara was in the same place Brent had laid her down.
Kilen allowed himself a moment to touch his sword to check his sister with the water magic.
When he was satisfied he released his grip on the sword, and moved to sit beside Brent, who was reading a thick leather bound book with shining gold lettering.
The book was titled, The Bights and the Dark Army.
Brent closed the book, marking the page with a strip of ribbon, and tucked it into his robe.
Kilen sat down and adjusted his fatigued muscles.
I have read every book in Humbridge and I have never seen that one.
Is it a good story.
He replied with hint of annoyance in his voice, It is not a story, and you should not have seen it.
There are only copies within the wizard library.
You will forget that you have seen it.
The wizards have their own library.
Kilen said, excited.
Every castle has its own wizards library.
In there is a wealth of knowledge passed on by those who bear the responsibility of being a wizard.
I have said too much already.
You will not ask of this again.
Brent took a moment to calm himself before speaking again.
How did the training go.
It was more intense than I thought it would be, I am a bit tired.
He says I am supposed to resist using my magic, otherwise my body might deteriorate.
I am glad he was able to instruct you in more than just swordsmanship.
He was correct.
I am afraid that until we arrive into the King presence that our safety as a group relies on you.
I told you that I am very weak in water magic.
I have been too long in service for the Earth Realm king.
Every time he has me imbue a piece of armor or weapon it takes a small amount of my total power.
I will recover the power given time, but I am afraid that giving you a mark has taken more ability than I had to offer.
I am spent every time I subdue your sister.
If the rumors I hear in this town are true.
The Fire Realm has begun sending scouting parties to the Water and Earth Realm to find where they can do the most damage.
I was sent as a sort of scout for the king, and to sort out rumors from fact.
So, I am stronger than you in water magic.
Kilen asked doubtfully.
You are stronger than me in water magic, strength, and earth.
You are our protector, if I can only train you correctly.
I have to do this with little to no power.
Do you remember the night I met you and you saw the man made of water.
That was before I had marked your sword and that was as big as I could make him.
He lasted only seconds before returning to the elements.
That is what we call an elemental.
Most of my mind was transferred into a pure elemental body.
The larger the elemental, the larger my power has to be to summon it.
When I train you fully, you will be able to do the same but yours will probably be twice as large, and last considerably longer.
Most wizards fight in battle using only an elemental body as to keep their physical body from danger.
If I am more powerful then why could not I defeat you when we stopped for our noon meal.
You manipulated the ball of water much faster, pushed harder, and fed water into it all at the same time.
I was struggling to keep it floating.
Partially because you draw energy from yourself, most wizards use that only as a last resort.
The elements you command have a power of their own, if you draw your magic from it you will be able to perform greater feats.
Next time you look at the water around you, try and feel its power and draw strength from it, if you can do that you will have done something that usually takes new wizards a year to learn.
Do not worry if you can not, remember wizards usually take a year or more to learn it.
I am sorry, I do need to rest now.
I have kept your sister subdued and it has taken a lot out of me with her staying this close to that fire, but I will not trust her to even these people.
You will need to watch over her so that I may regain my strength by morning.
I would advise you to use every advantage of magic tonight.
Do not practice your sword where others might see your weaknesses, no matter how well Sgt.
Wells taught you this night.
Brent got up from the log, groaning as if he was an old man, and stretched both arms high.
He bedded down and went to sleep fast.
Kilen sat staring for a moment into the fire and working the sore muscles in his body.
Then, wasting no time, he went to his pack and found some oil, polish, and his old clothing.
He sat down with his gently used pieces of armor and began working them with the polish and then the oil to keep it from rusting.
The cook apprentice brought another plate of food, this time cheese and wine with a leg of duck.
Kilen kept moving his sore muscles and felt of the bruises setting in.
The boy stood waiting for a little while and finally spoke anxiously, Can I help you sir.
Kilen looked up to see who he was talking to and realized that he was the sir.
No, I have heard from a lot of people back home that you are supposed to care for your tools yourself and I suppose these are my tools now, he said while holding up the bracer he was working on.
I meant with those sore muscles.
My mother the medicine woman here and she taught me a lot.
When I saw you were sore I went and made a fresh salve for your muscles made mostly out of mint leaf oil.
Rub it on your muscles and they should fare far better by morning.
He waited a second for an answer.
When Kilen gave none he started again.
Of course those cuts on your lip and head will need cleaning before I bandage them, if I could sir.
I guess it could not hurt, course I will not be sleeping so if it does work maybe I will be able to get into the saddle in the morning, Kilen said, giving into the adolescent.
Ohhh it will hurt.
My mother only buys the nastiest whisky to clean cuts with.
Good news is, it only burns for a few moments.
Kilen winced with the thought of more pain on top of already throbbing sores.
By the way, my name is Leroy.
Nice to meet you and thank you for the help tonight.
My name is Kilen Everheart.
Kilen was truly thankful for any help he was offered.
I know your name.
Your friend Master Crescent talked to me for a while.
He danced with a lot of the girls here and made their day.
It is been awhile since we have had a wizard, a weapon bearer, or a lord in our town.
Let alone all three at once.
Leroy worked the salve into Kilen wounds and the pain started to subdue.
Kilen stretched each one feeling the full motion of his body without any pain.
Kilen was surprised at the salves efficiency.
This stuff works fast.
I feel whole already.
Leroy replied disappointingly, It is effects will diminish and you will feel better than you did, but not whole.
It will help if you get a good rest in.
I will give you some to take on the road.
Rub it in three times a day and you will feel much better.
Well, I will not be sleeping tonight, but I will see if using my earth magic can help out a bit.
Kilen reached in his purse and pulled out a silver piece to give to Leroy for his medicine.
I will not be charging you sir.
Your friend gave me some ideas that I will be using to sell medicine to travelers.
If you will not be sleeping, I have a tea that will help give you some of the energy you will need on the road tomorrow.
It will taste something awful but it should help some.
Can you make some for my friends in the morning.
They will be in need of it to keep up with me if your tea works as well as this salve.
Leroy nodded and ran to fetch his tea.
Kilen finished working in the polish and oil.
The pieces of armor seemed to brighten up a bit, but still looked a bit worn to be made for a weapon bearer.
He put back on his necklace chain with the earth rings attached and began resting his arm on the sword hilt.
Kilen pushed the water in Kara making her go deeper into her unconscious state, and knew that would keep her for a while longer.
He felt his body strength return immediately upon donning the rings.
Kilen went to his bags and got out his traveling cloak and covered the armor to protect them from the morning dew, and in the bottom of the bag was a brown writing book, pen, and ink set.
He was glad that his friend knew him so well to know that he would not go a day without learning or writing.
Kilen knew already knew what he would do with the book.
Excitedly, he sat with his back to the fire with his left forearm resting against the hilt of his blade, and opened the book to the first blank page.
He thought for only a moment before writing in his best hand.
To Become a Weapon Bearer By Kilen Everheart of Humbridge He left a few pages for contents and started writing, Chapter one The Sword.
He began diagramming sword positions, movements of the body, everything that he had learned of the sword.
Leroy joined him soon after he started and silently kept him company by the fire, filling his cup with tea.
Kilen had finally found his adventure and it would hopefully someday grace the bookshelf in the back of the schoolhouse of Humbridge.
He continued writing and drawing, feeling the determination of magic seep into his mind.
He pushed it back and kept writing of his own will.
When what seemed like only moments had passed, he began seeing people moving about the town.
Leroy went about his new day work and returned for only a brief time to get more of the tea for Kilen companions.
The sun began to rise, marking the beginning of his third day of adventure.
Kilen was awake and saw Bowie rise first.
He always rose early to help his dad open the butcher shop before leaving to hunt.
The smells of cooking eggs and beans filled the camp and made Kilen stomach growl.
Leroy came to Bowie straight away and began chatting about his idea to sell medicines to travelers.
He had a mug of his tea ready for Bowie to drink, and Bowie gave a sour face at its taste.
Only two of the campfires had remained lit throughout the night.
The rest smoked and smoldered.
Bowie finished putting on his red lordly coat and came to sit beside Kilen at one of the two remaining fires.
I have a bit of business to attend to this morning with Mr.
Bradley.
Would you mind getting charger ready for me.
Kilen thought that an odd request coming from his friend that had given up everything to help him on his journey.
I will brush him down and saddle him, and I will pack your things.
How would you feel if I asked to have another brought in on our journey.
You know, to look after our things and cook, watch the horses and such.
I will provide half of his pay if you will.
Bowie looked into Kilen eyes.
Kilen could see there was more to this question than Bowie just wanting to not have to work.
My gold is already yours.
Whatever you and this other person needs they can ask from me also.
I know Kara is not your real sister, but I truly thank you for coming with us.
I had a fear that I would not be enough to help her survive, now I know I do not have to do it all on my own.
Kilen had spoken slowly and from the heart.
There was a small silence before Bowie spoke.
I am just asking for a bit of your wine money.
Do not go getting all teary eyed on me.
Bowie jumped up and started to walk off.
He stopped a small distance away and said over his shoulder, Thanks.
With that he headed towards the cooks hut in the center of all the fire.
Kilen closed his book and went to start loading the horses behind the structure.
Sgt.
Wells was already there brushing the horses and Brent is horse was already saddled.
He spoke to Kilen as a father would his son, Well how do you feel today then.
Kilen joined him in brushing down the horse so that they stood face to face working.
I feel whole.
I have to admit that I had to go against my promise already.
Wizard Parker wants me to be at full health the entire way to Deuterium.
It seems I am their protector of sorts.
Listen to that wizard, he is a smart one.
We have never seen him here in Keepers before, but he is the only one to ever bring us a potential, he said with reverence.
A potential.
Kilen stopped brushing the horse.
You, he said.
You are a potential for king here in Keepers.
You hold two elemental marks on that blade.
One more from let is say, a fire wizard perhaps, and you will have the right to claim the Water Realm as yours.
With that you will also claim my allegiance and sworn oath of protection.
I am just a knowledge seeker.
I want no part of being the Water Realm king, Kilen said as he started brushing again.
Well either way I wish to make a request.
I want to fight a real weapon bearer, and so when you travel through this area again as a fully trained weapon bearer, I want to fight you.
Not to the death but to make sure the title I was given two days before the fall of the water kingdom was really earned.
I will try hard not to disappoint you in that fight, Kilen said laughing.
Wells did not laugh.
Kilen realized that he had earned his rank over ten years ago and will never be able to be promoted until the water king rises.
It was not a joke, but to test himself that Sgt.
Wells sought.
Both kept preparing the animals for departing Keepers.
They worked in silence lending a hand where needed.
Brent woke from his deep sleep and smoothed his robe.
He collected his things while checking Kara state.
He moved around the structure to where the horses were and found Sgt.
Wells and Kilen working together in the morning light.
Where has our lord taken off to already this morning.
He said he had business with Master Bradley about a servant to travel with us to prepare meals, sew, and care for the horses.
Is that all.
we do not need is another on this trip, I will be back with him shortly.
Be prepared to ride, and get Kara into the saddle.
When we are out of Keepers we will lift the sedation.
We will leave as soon as I return with Bowie.
Brent muttered under his breath about unfocused children while stomping off to find Bowie.
Kilen worked harder to get everything prepared before Brent returned.
Brent found Bowie right where Kilen had said, talking with the fat chef by his cook pots.
The cook was standing still with his arms crossed listening to Bowie talk.
You see we are a man short and could use his expertise in almost every area.
Who expertise are we talking about.
Brent cut into the conversation like a wintry blast through an opening door.
Leroy expertise in cooking , herbs, medicine, and sewing.
Not to mention to have another hand in caring for Kara with the broth she will need.
I bet he can even mix up a sedative to keep her asleep so you will not have to use magic to do that.
Brent was struck with Bowie words he wished that he had thought of it first.
Brent started to apologize for the mutterings he made coming into this conversation.
I must admit I had not thought about the help that the boy could offer us until now Master Bradley.
I do need lots of help getting this wizard to the Earth Realm without incident.
I know we spoke of the weapon bearer needing some schooling to become a full weapon bearer.
You are sons expertise certainly helps us fill in the gaps.
What then will it take to let him join us in our journey.
Brent waited expectantly for the chef to answer.
I do not think I can say no, unfortunately.
If he goes to help the weapon bearer then it would benefit Keepers greatly I think.
I will ask that when you are finished with his teaching, you send him back to me.
It will be so, Bowie said without the wizard able to get in a word.
The chef waited on Brent to speak his agreement.
Well as his lordship has said, it will be so.
I will see to it that you receive compensation for his time away.
I know how much of an asset he is here with you.
The only compensation I need is to make sure that he stays alive and that he brings home Earth Realm recipes with him.
I have never had a chance to visit the Earth Realm in all my travels.
He smiled and they shook hands at the agreement.
Bowie was more excited than he had been the last two days, even with the celebrations and dancing he had done last night.
LEROY, get over here.
The boy came bounding across the camp with hand still dripping blood from whatever he had been preparing for the cook pot.
He wiped his hands on his apron with the spices and knives.
I need you to help these men with a task.
I will not be around to help you so do it right and do not question the wizard.
Do you understand.
Leroy nodded his head once and waited for his father to tell him what his task would be.
Good.
Get your things together and I will send someone to saddle Pullboy for your ride.
Pack your herbs and tools, both sets of boots.
The father and son walked off as he continued to give instruction on what to pack.
People in the town shook his hands and bid him a quick farewell as he walked.
The chef said to each person he passed, My son journeys into the Earth Realm to protect the wizard.
Tears came to his father eyes almost each time.
People around the town offered help in packing his things and getting supplies for his horse.
New shirts and pants were put into saddle bags and girls offered Leroy flowers as a token of thanks for his bravery.
Kilen came, walking the horses with Kara secured in her saddle, to the crowd gathering around the Bradley house.
Brent and Bowie both mounted and waited for everyone to say their good bye.
When everyone was finished Leroy father gave him two silver daggers and whispered something in his ear.
Leroy hugged his father and promised that he would return safely.
With that, Brent started to pull a fog around them, trying to show his power as a wizard to give the people confidence in Leroy.
Kilen saw that Brent was too weak to put much around them so he pulled as much as he could.
The party disappeared into a wall of fog that blocked out the daylight.
Brent moved to Leroy and helped him exit the town in the fog, and Kilen did the same, using his water vision for Bowie and Kara.
To the people in Keepers it seemed as if they had turned into a fog and slowly drifted from town.
Kilen maintained the fog behind them as they departed Keepers until they were out of sight and then let it dissipate where it stood.
Before long Leroy yelled from the back of the precession, Wizard Parker.
Can you explain to me where it is we are going and what I am supposed to do for you.
Brent waved Leroy up to the front to ride beside him, Well since you are with us now I can give you the entire truth.
Kilen became a weapon bearer the night of Springfest not two days past.
I found him fighting for his father blade, and his sister throwing fire.
In the short, when we get to the Earth Realm King I will need Kilen to be trained in many arts like cooking, herbs, and medicine.
That is your undertaking.
We are going to Deuterium.
Leroy was shocked, he thought that he would never leave Keepers until a new king was crowned.
Now he was traveling with these people he barely knew into the heart of his town worst rival.
I am supposed to teach Kilen medicine, herbs, and cooking while we travel to Deuterium.
Yes and yes, Brent said Not everything mind you, but enough that he will be able to pass the basic training to become a scout for the King army.
You will be training Bowie also.
Give them both every advantage they can get.
That is your job, the rest of the chores will be split up equally.
Do you accept this Master Bradley.
Leroy took a moment for it all to settle before answering, No one has ever called me Master Bradley, please call me Leroy.
I do accept these terms Wizard Parker.
If I am to call you Leroy then you will call me Brent, just like the others.
Now I need to start a bit of training myself while you think on how you are to accomplish your task in the next few weeks.
Kilen, we will start with history as your first subject.
Kilen perked up, I know a lot about history.
I have read all about the wars and struggles for land and seas.
I do not think there is much to learn, should we start with something else.
You do not know the whole history.
The history I speak of remains a part of wizards and weapon bearers secrets.
I will ask you other two not to listen, he said winking at Bowie and Leroy.
They smiled in return.
Brent started in as if he was telling a great story, not a history lesson, About three thousand years ago there were no kings and no realms.
People that populated this land lived in small tribes, relying on their environment to survive.
Wizards were born and killed if they were discovered, so they would not kill their own families.
Some mothers had slipped their small children away from their villages before they could be found out as a wizard.
They were sent away to live in solitude so that they might survive.
Eventually, these rogue wizards had grown so powerful that they would sometimes kill whole villages without meaning to.
Water wizards were some of the worst, making rain for days on end, flooding lands and drowning whole villages.
Fire wizards would turn into a torch, lighting their bodies on fire and burning anything that moved, killing whole herds of animals, burning grass land, forcing people to move their villages to eat.
The wizards were a menace.
About , thousand years ago a fifteen year old boy named Efrindoel was a victim of one of the wizards.
His entire village was washed away, and he was the only one that remained alive.
His parents had pushed him into a tree so high they could reach him themselves.
He watched them get swept away in the waters.
When the flooding subsided he picked up a stick lying on the ground and fixed a knife to the end of it.
Then he made to seek out the wizard who had caused the destruction.
When he found her she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.
She was swimming in a small pond, and she told him that she had made it using the water from the sky.
She asked Efrindoel to come swim with her, and he did.
He met her in the water still clutching his spear, and asked her why she had killed his family.
She was confused and told him she had made a beautiful place and had killed no one.
He tried to tell her that her magic caused the death of his village, and he held his spear ready to pierce her heart.
She told him that she had her pond, and if he wanted her water magic that he could have it.
She reached up to hold the end of his spear and she let him push the tip into her skin.
Then she tried to give him her water magic, but instead imbued his spear tip.
He felt power rush into him through the weapon and thought she was trying to kill him.
He thrust the spear into her chest and took it out again.
He became the very first weapon bearer and killed the wizard who gave the power to him.
Kilen said, Wait I have not heard the start of this story, but I know that Efrindoel was the first elemental king.
Brent held up his hand, I am just starting the history lesson, let me continue.
Efrindoel traveled all over the land searching and finding wizards.
Each one he would find he would force at spear point to give him their power before he plunged the spear through their heart.
Eventually he found out that there were only four types of elemental wizards and he had collected them all.
By that time he had developed a following of survivors wanting to kill wizards.
Those that had three elements on their weapons he sent to find others to help hunt them.
He was the King of these survivors, the king of a murderous savage group of people bent on killing wizards.
Eventually the earth, water, and wind wizards began to group together to fight back against Efrindoel people.
They captured one of Efrindoel warriors and tortured information about the process of giving magic to another.
They tried to hide the ability by putting the magic into jewelry.
The magic lessened, but the abilities were still there.
Wizards forced men to follow them by threatening their families, and gave them magic items to fight against Efrindoel.
The wizard battles lasted over fifty years.
Some of the wizards banded together to form a nation of wizards and started to keep records and instruction books on how to keep control of themselves.
Wizard Heathmos was a leader of the wizards.
They named him Lord Heathmos and gave him the task of stopping Efrindoel.
They approached Efrindoel and were able to convince him to stop killing.
He gave Lord Heathmos control of any wizards they found.
The killing stopped and Efrindoel spear was passed to his eldest son Afrindoel, and he became the second world king.
Brent took a long drink from his water skin and continued, Afrindoel had no hatred for wizards like his father, so he began to talk with them.
Wizard Lord Heathmos and Afrindoel set apart the southern land, what is now the Fire Realm.
He said that the wizards would be sent there to study with Heathmos, and when they were capable of holding themselves in check he would let them venture back to their home lands.
So wizards were integrated back into the Afrindoel reign.
Wizards began to feel they were superior to the rest of the humans.
Wizards of all types began carving out areas for their own, forcing people to work for them.
Afrindoel fought alongside Heathmos to take back these lands.
When the fighting was cleared, wizards were sent to serve under the Kings and were called the Wizards Councils.
Any wizard who did not serve under a king would not get his protection from the Wizards councils.
This is how we began to use kings and councils.
No king is to be an elemental wizard, and no councilmen are to be a armor or weapon bearer.
Did I lose you in all that.
Kilen thought before answering, No I think I understand it all, but where did the four realms come from.
That was Heathmos doing, to split up the lands so that each could govern a smaller amount of wizards.
Each land specializing in that type of element, where it could do the most good or the least amount of harm.
The desert is less likely to be damaged by fire so fire wizards go there.
The water wizards have an affinity for water so the swamps, marshes, and water prominent regions to the west are theirs.
The mountains have the most wind and so the Wind Realm is there in the north.
The Earth was left with what was left over and those wizards grew their land to suit them, making mountains and valleys to suit their strength.
Actually, all wizards came to carve their land with the councils that were there.
The great trade rivers and the mountain passes, the great trees, and volcano dwellings were all created by wizards to suit the wizards of the land.
Leviathan Lake, where Keepers is, was made by wizards of the Water Realm.
The very land we travel through was shaped and sculpted up until the darkuntil a while ago.
Brent changed the subject quickly, We have slowed are pace.
We must travel faster if we are to reach King Atmos before next Springfest.
Brent pushed his horse into a canter and everyone followed his lead.
Kilen knew that whatever happened in history next would have to wait for another lesson.
Kilen received little training in using elements along the way as Brent could only explain how to do most of them instead of showing them.
Each time the party met travelers along the road Brent questioned them about burnt lands and army movements.
Leroy would cook food from whatever he found, using a variety of herbs.
Kilen started chapter in his book, taking rubbings of herbs and writing their uses, how to find them, and some recipes to use them in for both cooking and poisons.
Leroy had not intended to teach this, but with his knowledge he was able to tell which plants and berries not to eat.
Bowie and Leroy spent a lot of time collecting herbs and showed him how to use a bow.
Leroy, in turn, brought out his father two silver knives rolling them on the back of his fingers and then throwing them with skilled accuracy.
He threw them slicing two of Bowie arrows stuck into a tree, before Bowie could stop him and tell him how much the arrows were worth.
The party only stopped long enough to let the horses rest, drink, and to make a fire and cook what they found along the way.
Kilen kept the party vigor and mounts renewed.
This took little effort on his part and he found that the process was getting easier.
Kilen even practiced floating water around the party as they traveled deserted parts of the road.
Kara talked to and patted her horse frequently.
She had begun soiling herself and each time Kilen would change her and wash her clothing.
Each time she spoke or moved Leroy would watch her.
He always sat on the opposite side of the cook fires from her, fingering his silver knives.
Kilen paid close attention to the herbs that Leroy put into her broth, making sure to ask which each one was for.
He wished he knew more to protect his sister from the boy.
Kilen had seen Leroy on two occasions check his daggers in his sleeves when Kara spoke to her horse.
He could not understand Leroy suspicions of Kara.
To him, she was innocent and incapable of harm.
He finally spoke to Brent while they packed up their noon meal on the third day and was remounting for the road.
Why is it that everyone hates the fire wizards.
Immediately Leroy riding alongside Bowie said, We do not hate themwe are afraid of them.
Brent spoke calmly to Kilen as they rode, and Leroy said no more.
Kilen knew that Leroy had seen him watching Kara, Fire wizards are rarely in total control of their emotions.
Imagine if a fire wizard gets angry at its king, one moment all would be peaceful, and the next all the wizards in town are trying to subdue a blazing thinking inferno.
That does not count the damage done to servants and the castle while they are raging.
If Kara became fully awakened she could burn us all to a crisp, with you trying subdue but not harm her.
I can keep her subdued but I do not think that I posses the power to prevent her from harming anyone of us if she were fully awake.
Long ago there was a war involving the fire wizards trying to take a part of the Earth and Water Realms.
They would choose villagers or animals like oxen or horses and give them a piece of fire elemental armor.
That person or animal would lose all rational thought and often burn villages or towns to shambles by themselves.
Then the wizards would march through killing everything in their path.
I have even heard a few accounts when fire rings were given to small children.
Could you hurt a tiny child, even if they were on fire.
Most of the villagers tried to put out the burning children not knowing that they were armor bearers.
The children took the lives of their families and were left to wander the country forever burning until they simply died of exhaustion.
I know that the idea of a wizard using people like this must make you burn with some kind of anger.
A person controlling fire elements feels that anger about everyone and everything at every moment of the day, even while they sleep.
It takes a very long time to overcome.
Kilen watched Kara and realized it would be a very long time before he would be able to talk with his sister again.
His eyes started to tear up, feeling sorry for her.
She was normally a gentle caring person, and now she would fight the rage for the rest of her extended life.
He fingered the blue ribbon that now hung, tied to the hilt of his father sword.
It was a constant reminder of what his life was to become.
Brent spoke in the silence trying, to change Kilen mind off of the subject, I must tell you about my mission for King Atmos.
I am here looking for evidence of the Fire Realm movement.
So keep your eyes open for any signs of burnt grass, trees or even dirt.
Ten years ago the Water King stopped the Fire Realm from combining power with the Wind Realm to the north.
If the Fire Realm was able to ally with the Wind Realm, the fires of war would blow farther than ever before.
The Water King, Premas, prevented it by stopping troop movements along the pass of Heathmos, which stretches along the borders of the Earth and Water Realms, from the Fire Realm in the south, to the Wind Realm in the north.
We now have had rumors that the Fire Queen looks to try the plan again with no Water Realm King to stop her.
I have found that at least two different parties of fire weapon and armor bearers are using the pass again.
Several villages along the way have been attacked for supplies and some buildings have been burnt down with no purpose.
When this happened ten years ago the Premas the Water King tried to stop them.
He plead to the Earth Realms former King, to help him secure the pass.
The Earth King was suspicious of everyone, using too much earth imbued armor.
He fortified his borders and let no one in or out.
The Water Realm King had to stop movements from the north and the south, taking great casualties.
Instead, he left the Fire Realm to the south do as they pleased and sent small contingent of weapon bearers to distract them and lead them away from villages, using the Fire Realm anger against them.
He beat back the Wind Realm all the way to their capital.
The Earth King had received false information of the Water Realm, letting the Fire Realm pass into their lands, and that the Water Realm was moving into the Wind Realm.
The Earth King became angry sending his armies two directions, one to stop the Fire Realm from crossing their borders in the south.
The second he sent to crush the Water King for his treachery.
The Water Realm army was still in the mountain passes and unable to protect the kingdom, or prevent them from entering.
When the warring started the Water Realm army was considered traitorous followers of the King Premas, and were said to disappear into the mountains and forests bordering the Water Realm.
The Earth Realm king unseated the Water Realm and quelled the armies to the south.
The Earth King then passed his command to his son and our current king, King Atmos.
He struggles to maintain control over the people here in the Water Realm, and maintain their protection from the Fire Realm.
The Water Wizards follow his command purely on the protection it gains the Water Realm.
Kilen tried to understand the world politics and asked, Why does the Fire Realm attack the other lands.
Partly because they have no outlet for their anger, and partly because of the type of lands that we live in.
In the southern most part of the Fire Realm there is sea and coastline.
This coastal land is the only land with tree and suitable vegetation for their people.
The king lives on the coast and gets most of its supplies from bordering islands.
Those islands belong to the Culcara.
The Culcara people stick to coast lines and can swim miles, and dive deeper than any other human.
The Culcara treat their wizards as slaves working off the debt they owe the people for the killings during the wizard wars.
The Fire Realm king wishes to enslave all the water and earth wizards to build back up his desert into a land much like the Earth and Water Realms.
Years ago wizards tried to help them by cutting a river into the land from the coast to Lake Leviathan.
So that they could start building towns along this river all the way to the earth and Water Realm.
When we sent wizards to them to help the river construction, the fire wizards grew angry at the our wizards inability to build it fast enough.
The fire wizards struck out and nearly all the wizards were lost in the battle or by the wilderness they were forced to escape into.
The river was never finished, and now the Fire Realm seeks to take our wizards to finish the work.
That does not sound unreasonable, I mean to want the work finished, Kilen said.
Brent held up a finger, It really is not unless you consider the likelihood that you will be sending ally wizards to their deaths.
If there was a way to make sure they could finish in peace, the task would be a grand one to accomplish.
Unfortunately, the Earth King is becoming as his father was, in being too paranoid to let wizards go beyond the border of the Earth Realm.
The canal is a small problem that has been complicated by the very anger that is the fire wizard.
Kilen and the party continued to ride the rest of the day.
They had noticed the increase of trees in number and in size.
Kilen knew that they must be getting closer to the Earth Realm border.
Leroy found excitement in almost every new plant he found, telling everyone of its rarity near Keepers.
He continued to stuff his pockets and small leather pouches.
Kilen could not figure out how he kept them organized up sleeves, in apron pockets, and in his pack.
They disappeared as soon as he found them, and his eyes started to search for more.
When the trees started to thicken in size and number enveloping the party, Kilen began to feel a sort of glow inside of him.
It felt like sunlight on a warm summer day breaking through the clouds.
Kilen closed his eyes and opened himself to the warmth, before long nothing existed except for him and the warmth filling him.
He let the warmth caress his body, feeling like he was swimming in a pool of sunlight.
Kilen started to hear shouting and began to open his eyes despite the pleasure he was in.
When he had regained his vision he noticed that he was standing in the saddle with his arms stretched, with palms raised towards the sky.
He felt as though he was welcoming the sunlight to caress his body, only here underneath the canopy of tree there was no sunlight.
He felt his magic and again started to feel the sunlight grow, he could feel the tree, grass, and soil around him.
Kilen knew that he now had the ability to feel earth along with the sight of the water.
Kilen fought the desire to welcome the warmth of the earth magic, and turned to his still panicking friends.
I feel good, was all he could say, looking at his hands.
What happened to you just know Kilen.
Brent asked still a little scared.
Kilen answered slowly still feeling the desire to welcome the sunlight, I feel like I have the sun on me, warming me like a cat on the porch.
I want to let the warmth fill me.
I feel the earth around me, everything even the grass.
The others looked at Brent thinking Kilen had gone mad.
He answered with a questioning smile, Sounds like you have just had an awaking of a magic, only weapon bearers do not have awakenings.
He thought to himself for a moment and then spoke again, still studying Kilen.
You are peculiar in your use of magic, and how fast you learn it.
I will hope that Twilix is able to understand you more.
They all looked around in wonder and awe, except for Brent.
The tree around them only a day ride into the Earth Realm had thickened so much that you could hide a horse behind them.
Here there was little to no underbrush and you could see for a good distance considering being in a forested land.
The ground was green with moss that made it comfortable to walk on.
The road here was winding in and out around overgrown trees and was sometimes moved because of tree roots coming out of the ground.
With no cart, they could traverse the land easily.
They found a small opening in the trees that had a ring of stones used by travelers to prepare a fire for cooking or camping.
Brent moved in and dismounted, Time for a bit of a break.
The first Earth Realm town is up ahead shortly.
We will want to clean up a bit before moving along.
If you could fill us a pot of water for washing Kilen.
Kilen filled the pot with water without touching his sword or hand to the pot, he had practiced constantly on the road.
Leroy and Bowie went off to track a turkey from which they had found tracks in the moss.
Kilen helped Brent unsaddle Kara, who complained of having to wear blue, leg sores, and some other inaudible grumblings.
They sat her down and began preparing some broth for her to drink in another pot.
Kilen tried to think of his sister as sick and needing to sleep all day.
The thought helped him cope with not being able to talk to her.
Brent held a scrawny hand on Kilen shoulder, I am a little afraid for you boy.
How are you handling the magic.
Has it become more difficult to keep your mind now that we are getting closer to Deuterium.
No, I just had a moment there where it took me by surprise.
I did not feel the warmth before, but I can feel it constantly now.
I have it under control, he said trying to sound confident.
Brent nodded in acceptance, For your next bit of training, I need you to try to focus on something, and when you are focused, experiment with the earth that you felt earlier.
I will ask you to go into the forest, away from us and do that.
I hope that you can teach yourself how to use earth magic, it is not my expertise and I am not proficient at it at all.
If you are half as good with earth as you are with water it is better you teach yourself.
Take an hour or so, come back and tell me what you could feel or accomplish.
Kilen stood, ran his dirty hand through brown curly hair.
He had no idea where to begin training himself.
He grabbed his armor, then headed off into the forest to find a quiet place to focus on the elements around him.
He began to think that he was the only one that would make this journey without a moments rest.
Every time they stopped, he was healing animals or people, keeping Kara subdued, helping with cooking, or gathering supplies.
He himself had not slept in four days without anyone else aid, and yet he supplied the energy to the others who had gotten a full night is sleep in Keepers.
He felt the determination grow in him to lie down and nap in defiance.
Kilen knelt in the dry moss letting his armor fall from his hand.
He could easily nap for a day and they would not be able to find him.
They could get along by themselves and he would be able to catch up when he was ready.
Kilen was not usually lazy or defiant.
He would work to the ends of the day and still be ready to do chores for his mother.
He grew mad, these new so called friends of his had taken advantage of him for four days.
Kilen grew scared at the thoughts he was having.
He realized why he was feeling the way.
The earth magic was having an effect on him.
He pushed the feelings down, concentrating on the warmth that he felt inside of him.
When he opened his eyes he was no longer jealous of the other rest, but proud that he could provide it for them.
The earth magic was pushing on his mind, telling him to get some rest.
He realized that he was not even tired, not with the rings and sword to help him.
He knew that this would be a constant battle as long as he depended on the magic.
Kilen donned his armor, and opened his book to chapter one, going over each detail until he felt comfortable practicing the sword forms he had written there without looking at the book.
He moved his stiff muscles into the forms, practicing.
Using the magic in the rings and sword it felt like it made the shield and sword easier to handle.
He felt like he was more graceful with the weapons than he had been before using the magic.
Kilen knew that no matter how long he trained like this, he would fail to break a sweat.
He closed his eyes running through the forms.
He used the water vision to keep from running into anything, or tripping in a hole.
He had soon developed a pattern to the forms he used and performed the movements on top of each other without stopping.
Kilen fell into a kind of trance cutting and stabbing the air with the blade.
Once in the trance Kilen began to feel the earth around him.
It was distinct and different from the warmth inside him.
He used the water vision to overlap on the magic he was feeling around him.
The water was in all the trees, soil, moss, but he could not feel the water in the rocks and some of the dirt.
He could feel the earth and see the water when he laid them on top of each other in his mind it almost formed a sort of extension of his body.
He tried moving the earth as he did an arm or leg while he danced the sword forms.
Nothing moved or reacted to his urging.
Kilen became confused and made a misstep in his sword forms, he slipped on the moss and turned his body to throw out his opposite leg to catch himself.
The ground burst up in at an angle creating a crack in the earth behind it, and made a foothold for Kilen to gain his balance on.
The trees echoed with the ground movement and leaves fell from the trees above with the vibration in the ground.
Birds and animals fled in every direction except his.
Kilen stood looking down at the small crack in the earth.
It was only a foot tall mound with a crack a foot across and three in length behind it.
He started to slip, he jerked quickly to put his foot down.
Kilen knew that he was going to fall and he felt the earth move.
It was sudden and not graceful at all like using water magic.
Kilen knew that he had moved the earth.
He concentrated on the small crack and could feel the rest of the earth that shifted.
There seemed to be a pain in warmth inside of him.
It was different than it had been before.
Kilen tried to reverse the action and close the ground and push the mound back to where it was.
He stared intently at the ground to no avail.
The ground did not budge.
When he stopped he noticed that he had been flexing his muscles so hard that they seemed relieved to be rid of the pressure.
Kilen knew that this had nothing to do with the use of his muscles so he removed his armor and sat it nearby.
He untied his cloak and folded it neatly on top.
Then he sat cross legged in front of the crack, laying the sword across his lap.
Kilen closed his eyes and kept one hand on the hilt of the sword and the other resting on his knee.
Taking a deep breath he felt the earth around him, he sought out the water also, feeling the relationship between the elements.
They intertwined in everything except for the air and stones, each of those were their separate elements.
Kilen could now see clearer the damage that he had done to the earth, accidentally causing the shift.
He focus and with his mind he pushed the earth back into place with the loud reverberation scattering more birds and leaves from far above his head.
He felt of the moss that he had ripped apart, and forced water into its roots and brought the slightest bit of materials from the ground to help it grow at unnatural speed to cover the bare earth.
Kilen opened his eyes to see the damage covered and whole once again.
He smiled and felt the tree around him.
He pushed water and earth at them and helped the re grow new leaves to replace those that had fallen.
The forest around him seemed fresh and renewed compared the trees outside it.
The warm feeling had been restored to its happy state and he knew that the forest had been pained for the hurt he caused it.
He felt a pull from within the warmth itself and so Kilen let the land direct his magic.
Roots burst from the ground from between the trees, growing faster than he thought possible.
They formed a ring around the open space and arched above Kilen head, standing directly in the center.
He felt the magic and knew to remember how he had done it for later.
He could feel it being pulled from inside the earth itself, growing in strength.
The root arches met directly over his head and formed a spike with roots twisting towards the sky.
A small tree burst from the top of the spike.
The large trees from above leaned and moved away from the root dome structure and allowed the sunlight to break through the canopy.
The flows of magic stopped and Kilen could feel the magic telling him someone was approaching, he felt the footsteps in the moss coming near the ridge behind him.
He turned to see flashes of light blue robe between the root walls that was formed.
Kilen felt in the magic and warmth to see that the tree on top as well as the root walls would continue to grow in this place.
Gently he moved roots out of the way to permit Brent inside the arched dome of roots.
Brent moved into the place carefully and reluctantly.
He began moving around inspecting the dome and moss.
He sat on a moss covered log, and folded his arms considering Kilen.
His dark hair and brown eyes were a contrast to his blue robes, making them seem to pierce the mind, letting you know that he knew what you were thinking.
His eyebrows, long in length and thin on his face, burrowed down to show his confusion.
You impress me at every turn, was all he said for a long time.
He spoke again, raising to look at the structure once again, All most any weapon bearer can make this type of place, but they seldom do.
Most weapon and armor bearers have a mind for battle, fighting, and destruction.
You have a mind so different.
I wonder what wonders will come from you in your life.
I think I will be happy to say that I knew you one day.
He said nothing else as he departed the dome, inspecting its doorway, once again running his hand along the arch.
Kilen gathered his belongings, and tied on his cloak , and followed the wizard, who seemed to become less and less impressive by the day.
He had only ever seen wizards as they passed through Humbridge on Springfest.
Brent did not seem to be as all powerful as he thought they would be.
Kilen noticed that his legs burned from walking through the forest.
It was the first time he had felt a fatigue while wearing his magical armor.
Kilen knew that using that much energy, even though most of it came from the earth itself, put a tax on his body and left him exhausted.
He would have to be more careful when practicing in the future.
He did not know how much more magic that he could dispense.
Leroy and Bowie were laughing and joking about the way the turkey had flopped and twisted after Bowie put an arrow through it.
They recanted the entire story to Kilen as he ate hungrily at the leg he was offered.
Kilen watched the two together, and could see an instant bond of friendship between the them.
He looked closer, seeing Bowie in his lordly red clothes with fancy stitching around the sleeves and cuffs, and Leroy in his humble wool breeches and white wool shirt laced up the front.
These two could be made out to be a lord and his servant boy.
He wondered if that was the reason Bowie had pushed for Leroy to come along.
Brent said nothing, but sat away from the camp fire reading in his book once again.
The two continued to tell hunting stories, and Bowie told of Kilen near death experience with the stag on Springfest.
The sun had passed its peak in the sky and they packed their belongings and began to push along the trail once again.
There was no reason for Kilen to report on what he had accomplished, Brent has seen his accomplishment formed in the roots of the tree.
Along the trail Brent spoke to Kilen still talking loud enough for the others to hear.
Up ahead is a town called Gulrich.
It is a small town, and we will be accepted with great warmth.
I will watch Kara and Leroy has worked out a sedative to help her sleep throughout the night.
You will be able to restore yourself at the inn there, and will not have to use magic to help us get our rest.
I think I will have Bowie find you a green cloak to wear in the earth kingdom.
It would help show loyalty to the King here.
I would hate for our plan to be in ruin because you chose to wear a blue cloak.
I would like to buy Kara a couple of dresses if you do not mind, Kilen said checking the coins in his purse.
That would be a good idea, we can change her more often to help her not look as scary to the people in these towns.
Most of the Earth Realm makes their homes from wood.
Any spark could set the towns ablaze so we have to present strength and confidence when we enter them.
With that being said, Bowie called out that he could see a town in the distance.
When the rest could separate out the features of buildings from the surrounding trees they all noticed smoke rising from the far end of the town.
Probably still celebrating Springfest.
This year earth wizards were visiting their own realm cities, Brent surmised.
They rode into town.
Bowie sat straight up in his saddle, having taken the lead of the party.
Kilen thought that he was probably trying to look lordly and followed his example and sat with his back straight, chin high, and hand on the hilt of his sword.
Gulrich was a town that consisted of log homes made of huge trees.
The homes seemed three times as tall as the homes in Humbridge.
The outsides of the houses were overgrown with moss and vines.
There was not a single tree standing inside the town, but it was still under shade from the canopy above from trees that lined the city.
The roads were made of hard packed dirt, in which Charger pranced down making a show for any onlookers.
The show was for nothing.
Not a soul could be seen in the town.
A bell rung farther into town, Bowie turned Charger in that direction.
Bowie saw some people up ahead towards the center of the town, Just up ahead, there seems to be some people.
Continue on then, Lord Crescent.
When we approach let me do the talking please, Brent said as if Bowie were a real lord.
They approached the town center where a large open space stood for gatherings.
Springfest decorations still hung from lamp poles and the dancing area was still roped off.
This gathering was far from a celebration, as men in armor were being helped to tighten their breastplates and leg guards.
Men were checking the strings on their bows and counting the arrows in their quivers.
It seemed to be a hunting party of some sort.
The town fell silent as Brent rode past Bowie and whistled into the crowd.
What is all this then.
he said to no one in particular in a loud voice.
Mumbles of wizard, weapon bearer, and lord spread through the crowd gathered there.
A short stumpy man with a limp came from the far side of the crowd.
Wizard Parker, thank the brights.
Our town was just attacked by a fire wizard and his henchmen.
We were able to fire a few arrows, but they took off to the north unharmed.
We were unable to pursue due to putting out the two buildings they caught on fire.
We are getting ready to send a party to capture them, but you would stand a better chance, Wizard.
Brent looked over the town people then he turned his gaze on Kilen, dressed in plain wools and yet wearing a blue cloak, looking the part of a weapon bearer with his armor hanging on the side.
He spoke slowly and reluctantly to the small man.
I cannot pursue these men.
The crowd began to shout out angrily that it was his duty to protect them from the Fire Realm and magic users.
He held up his hands, and Kilen gathered fog above the wizards head to give the effect of power.
Brent looked at Kilen and he immediately stopped the fog.
It was too late as the town was silent looking at Brent.
Brent let out a sigh, I however have a weapon bearer and archer that may be able to help you.
The small man bent his bald head in thanks and the town cheered.
Brent immediately pulled Kilen and Bowie off alone in the street around the corner.
Get your armor on weapon bearer.
It is time for you to earn your keep, he snapped at Kilen.
They all dismounted and started to put on Kilen armor.
Bowie was readying his bow and arrows.
What did I do.
I tried to help you get their attention.
Brent turned and shoved a finger into Kilen chest, You showed them that you were a weapon bearer.
What did you think my reaction was going to be.
I was hoping to convince them that I could not leave the fire wizard we have alone.
I can not say that now that they see how powerful I am.
They do know enough about magic to know creating fog uses energy.
Not to mention the fact you surprised me at it, and I looked at you, showing them you were the one summoning it.
He began mumbling about weapon bearers knowing their place, and letting him get away with it in Keepers.
Bowie had put on a brown leather jacket and pants that were not so lordly, and much better for hiding in trees.
Are we really going to go after the two fire wielders.
You are at that my lord.
Now listen closely.
Use what you have learned fog, water, healing, using earth, and vines and roots.
Use what you already know, the bow, the speed of your feet.
Stop those two wielders and bring them back here at all cost.
I told you this is my mission.
It is also yours now.
Brent stopped and began to smile, Do this and do it right, and we will have all the favor in the King eyes you will need to protect your sister.
Kilen heard those last word and let the magic take hold of them, setting it as his determination, his focus, his purpose for life.
Kilen was helped into his chest piece and bracers.
He slid on the bent helm and readied his shield.
I will watch Kara here, so you must return in one piece so we can continue our journey.
When you are done, ask anyone in town and you should be able to find us at an inn.
One last thing, I was planning on making you my personal weapon bearer, do not disappoint me boy.
Kilen dressed in his armor, slammed a fist against his own chest in salute, and bounded back around the corner, blue cloak flapping in the wind behind him.
He had already disregarded what Brent had said about making him his personal weapon bearer.
He had wasted long enough getting his armor on.
He had to protect his sister.
The two wielders were the only thing that stood in his way now.
Bowie spurred Charger into following him.
The short mayor was still giving orders to those around them, and bowed as Kilen bounded up to him.
My lord weapon bearer.
Kilen cut him off with a wave of his hand before he could say anything else.
Kilen, my name is Kilen.
Can you have someone show me the trail where they ran off into the trees.
He said holding his head high trying to do his best and act the part of a full weapon bearer.
Mak.
Come here man, he shouted.
A man wearing no shirt and a old leather vest approached with a large pipe hanging from his mouth.
He carried a large stick, but no other visible weaponry.
This is Mak.
He is be best tracker we have in Gulrich.
He should be able to get you their trail.
Their trail should not be hard to find.
Just follow the scorch marks in the land and ya will find em.
I am not about to lead a blasted wielder to another and get caught in between yer schemes.
The man walked away, ignoring the best efforts of the mayor.
Kilen saw on the back of his leather vest a picture embroidered in white thread of a burning raindrop.
The mayor finally spoke again, Yes well, you should be able to find the burnt buildings down this way and someone there will direct you to the start of the trail.
Good luck weapon bearer, and my lord, please be careful.
Kilen bound off in the direction the mayor had pointed.
Bowie followed on Charger.
They heard the crowd cheer as they sped off.
Soon they found the smoldering remains of two buildings.
The town had been able to stop the fire from spreading to half of the structure, but it would take a lot of time to rebuild what damage had been done.
Men stood from their now slumped positions, having fetched bucket after bucket of water from the wells to stop the fire.
They looked at Kilen in his armor and pointed into the forest.
Bowie pointed out arrows jutting from the ground and trees, where the town archers had tried to stop the fire wielders.
Without waiting, Kilen bounded off towards the scorched ground.
Kilen used his water vision to see clear footprints where the pants had been burnt and deprived of their moisture.
He watched as Bowie rode Charger as fast as he could over the mossy ground.
Any misstep could break Charger legs.
When he finally caught up, Kilen gave them both some energy.
Follow me as fast as you can and we will catch up to them.
I can track them with magic so I will move a little faster.
I will stay within your sight.
We can use the hand signals we use to use when hunting to stay in contact.
Bowie set his jaw in determination, and gathered his rarely uncovered head of red straight hair into a ponytail.
Kilen stroked the blue ribbon hanging on his sword.
They looked eye to eye and Kilen took off in chase of the fire wielders.
Bowie knew this would be a lot different than chasing a deer or other animals, today they might have to kill a man.
He had never seen the look he saw in Kilen eyes, something not like Kilen at all.
He knew that Kilen would stop at nothing to kill these men.
He was all for mischief, but he did not like the thought of killing another man or woman.
Kilen had already made a great distance and Bowie began to see him dwindle into the trees.
He spurred Charger into action.
The path was almost straight except the occasional weave around trees.
Bowie found burned tree bark and small shrubs with leaves burned off, as he followed Kilen path.
He saw Kilen hold one arm up and use the other hand in a motion telling Bowie he was going to climb the tree and look for their prey, only this time they were people.
In one motion Kilen threw down his shield making it stand up in the ground and leapt straight up, disappearing into the tree.
Bowie thought that they would not have been able to go far on foot without more elemental magic to help them, so they should not have gotten far.
When Bowie came up to the shield sticking into the ground, Kilen fell from far up in the tree and landed shuddering the ground.
Bowie wondered if he would ever get use to seeing magic being used around him.
I saw some smoke drifting up through the branches not far ahead.
Leave Charger here.
You should be able to sneak up on them better on foot, do not you think.
Bowie climbed down, and knocked an arrow into his bow, What is the plan when we do catch up to them.
Kilen looked at his friend and gave a small laugh, Same as always.
I will distract them and let them charge me.
You shoot them in the eye so they break their neck before they kill me.
They both smiled at that and Kilen pulled his shield from the ground.
Kilen pulled Bowie up by his free arm and put him on his back.
They took four bounds, covering a large amount of distance.
Kilen let Bowie off and he took a couple steps back to regain his balance.
Steadying himself on a nearby tree, Kilen held a single finger to his lips, as if Bowie did not know to be quiet.
In the distance two men could be heard shouting at each other.
Kilen and Bowie started to stalk into the directions of the voices.
They separated and Kilen made his way around to the side of the two men.
The men were so focused on their argument they did not see the movements in the trees.
The two men had shoulder length black hair and wore tight fitting leather pants and boots.
They wore no shirts only leather straps across their chests that hold the hand length curved daggers on their chest.
The tall one was shouting at the other to take a bracer off before they were both dead.
When the men moved their arms, sparks snapped at their fingers.
The short man wearing the bracer would light in small flames at different points around his body for a few seconds before they were extinguished.
Kilen saw movement of a bird fly off from the direction that Bowie was coming from, and knew that he should get men attention now or Bowie would soon be their focus.
Kilen shouted and ran at them holding his shield in front of him just below his eyes as Wells had shown him.
He gathered water to himself and would soon feel his clothes drenched with water.
Water cascaded down his shield and fell to the ground in preparation for the heat that it would resist.
The heat came soon after.
As soon as he started yelling the tall man threw a fireball that ricochet off Kilen shield, exploding into the ground nearby.
The move gave the tall man a chance to run off in the opposite direction of Bowie.
The small man walked at Kilen slowly and opened his hands in front of him with his arms fully extended.
The flames raced up his body, making the man a walking blaze.
Then lines of flames shot from his hands, crashing into Kilen shield.
Kilen stood his ground, determination in the back of his mind helped him pull water from the plants, air, and ground cooling and protecting him.
The battle of flame and water was taxing on Kilen magic.
He could feel himself wearing down.
He knew that he would have to find a better way to protect himself, and pulled the ground up to shield him.
The ground shifted, knocking Kilen off his feet.
The earth had sprung up in front of him making a wall of dirt that arched over Kilen head at about seven feet tall.
Kilen used his water vision to feel the man running at the crack in the earth on the other side of his wall.
The man tried to jump across the crack but hit the side nearest Kilen, still inside the gaping hole.
Kilen peeked his head around the wall and saw the man arms and head just above the top of the crack.
With one hand the man held on so that he would not fall back down, and with the other he shot flames at Kilen.
Kilen ducked back around the earth and felt for the second man, who had begun to flank his defended position.
Kilen knew that he had to end this quick.
He was tiring too quickly.
Just as quickly as the magic faded, so did his determination.
He shoved the earth back down into the ground closing the crack with the man still part way inside, crushing him and leaving his shoulders arms and above sticking out.
What was left of the man body was extinguished but still steamed from the heat.
A fire ball sped past Kilen side, burning his hand that held his sword.
Kilen thought to hide from the danger and instinctively pulled a fog around him and the entire area.
The flame wielder threw fire ball after fire ball in every direction he heard noise.
What had transpired seemed to have lasted for ages to Kilen but he knew that only a few moments had past.
Bowie had not been able to close the distance that Kilen could while using magic.
He was still a distance away.
Bowie shouted to Kilen, I can not see you.
A fire ball raced in that direction and hit a tree, catching it on fire.
Kilen closed his eyes and used both magic to find the fire wielder and Bowie.
His power was fading fast and so was his ability to maintain the fog.
He lowered the fog in a tunnel between Bowie and the second man for only and instant.
Kilen heard Bowie shout, Again, I am ready.
Do it again.
Another fireball flew in the direction of Bowie.
Kilen pulled roots from the ground and wrapped around the man feet trying to distract him.
The roots were quickly burnt away, the heat not allowing them to grow in the man direction.
The fire wielder lashed out at the trees thinking they were about to attack him.
He threw fireballs at any he could make out.
The man was a ball of flaming rage.
The effect of the roots gave Kilen the distraction they needed.
He lowered the fog and heard the distinct twang of a bow string loosing an arrow.
Kilen tried to bring back up the fog but could not force it back.
Bowie bow let out a second arrow, and a third as the man screamed in rage and tree splintered at the force of fire hitting them.
Kilen lifted his head unable to provide anymore magic help to Bowie.
He saw the man with three arrows jutting out of his chest fall to his knees just as the massive tree collapsed behind him.
Kilen vision faded, and he was taken by darkness.
Bowie moved quickly and pulled a dagger from his leather belt and held it to the still smoking man throat.
He was dead.
Bowie looked into his eyes knowing he was the one who had killed him.
Bowie pulled the dagger from his hand with leather covered gloves on, and moved to the man sticking out of the ground as if he was digging his way out from a buried grave.
The man bracer was the only thing that had not turned to black charred flesh.
Bowie placed the bracer in his pouch next to the dagger the tall man had.
Bowie looked and finally found Kilen laying face down with his hand inches from his sword.
He placed Kilen hand on the blade and Kilen started to breathe a little lighter.
He knew that the sword could be the one thing that was keeping Kilen alive.
He took an extra bow string from his pocket and carefully tied Kilen hand to the hilt of the sword.
Bowie slid the sword back into the sheath at his hip, and began checking his body for wounds.
When Bowie was sure that Kilen was not physically injured he ran as fast as he could to get Charger.
The distance that Kilen had covered was enough that Bowie had to slow and walk twice before he reached the horse.
He pulled a water skin from his saddle and drank deeply.
With legs tired from running he mounted Charger and sped towards Kilen and the two smoldering corpses.
When he arrived Kilen was still laying just as Bowie had left him.
He jumped off Charger, and tried to figure out how to get Kilen into the saddle.
He had to take the chance on borrowing some magic.
It was the only option other than building a litter and dragging him back.
Bowie reached and grabbed the chain around Kilen neck and felt the magic surge through his body, giving him excessive strength.
He easily and delicately picked Kilen up and placed him in the saddle, then climbed up behind him.
The small amount of time it took to use the rings made Kilen turn pale and totally limp without magic to help him.
Bowie rode easy, using what strength he had left in his legs to keep him and Kilen in the saddle over the forest is winding up and down trails back to Gulrich.
The shadows played tricks on his eyes as he rode in the fading light of the evening sun.
He kept going over what they were told back in town.
Was it two or were their more fire wielders.
The sun finally set and the moon rose partially in the sky.
Bowie could make out the twinkling lights of Gulrich far in the distance.
these lights kept him on course as the moon was no help in the thick forest.
When he rode into the city lights, he saw that the color had returned to Kilen face.
On more stable ground, he began to ride as fast as he could to find the center of town.
As they rode into town Bowie could make out Leroy at the far end of one of the streets.
Bowie moved in that direction, fighting Charger who wanting to run the whole way.
He finally knew why everyone wanted that trait trained out of the horse.
When Leroy recognized them approach he darted out of view and into a building near the town square.
Brent and Leroy emerged from the building just as Bowie rode up.
They all helped Kilen slide out of the saddle and others came to carry him inside.
There was a wooden sign hanging from the building painted in greens and yellows.
It was a man riding a horse, waving a sword in the air, The Traveling Soldier Inn.
Bowie was worried about his friend but knew there was nothing he could do to help him.
He moved Charger into the stable and removed his saddle, cleaned his hooves, and brushed the horse down, trying to calm the horse nerves, as well as his own.
He filled the next couple hours with food, wine, and gambling but nothing would take his mind from the dead man burnt eyes.
Bowie went up to his room and removed his clothes and crawled into bed, more tired than he had been in a week.
Bowie woke to the sounds of children playing outside his window down on the street below.
He was still in his clothes from fighting the two fire wielders.
He looked out his window to see the people of Gulrich moving about their day with smiles on faces.
He had helped them and he felt proud at what he had accomplished but still could not get the look of the dead man eyes out of his head.
He looked into a small mirror on the washstand and found a man in rumpled clothes looking back, he shaved and dressed back in his green jacket with the leather pants.
He polished his boots and strapped the quiver on his back.
He tied his red hair back out of his face and finally he plopped his black hat on his head and stood looking in the mirror.
He was proud of the hero he was becoming.
He knew now that he was not just another person on this journey, he could and would make a difference to his friends.
He opened his door and walked down the stairs.
He saw Brent is back as he reached the bottom of the stairs.
Brent was sitting next to the stairs at what was the rear of the inn dining area.
A minstrel was playing a slow happy song but switched the song to Brights in the Night, when he saw Bowie.
The mayor and some other important looking people came up to thank and congratulate him on his victory.
Bowie waved them off as he sat across from Brent putting his back to the group.
Bowie took off his hat and set it in the chair next to him.
Before he could speak Brent slid a plate full of eggs, sausage, and bread in front of him.
Eat first and I will tell you what I know about Kilen condition.
I do not like the way you said his condition.
I will eat and you tell me everything that is going on here.
No more secret is about missions for the king.
I have told you all of the secrets you are going to learn about me for now.
The mission was what I said it was, I was to investigate any signs of the Fire Realm.
I am not here to engage in any fights or stop them from attacking.
I myself have little to no experience in that.
I told you both why you had to fight them, and not me.
It is a duty for wizards to protect non wielders from rogue wizards, and those two men were as close as it comes to wizards.
Brent took a breath and made sure that Bowie knew that his tone had angered him by staring into his eyes.
When he felt confident that there was an understanding, Brent continued, now, about Kilen.
He is well, and should wake anytime now.
You did good tying his hand to his sword.
That action alone saved his life.
I do not know how he did it, but he used more magic than his body could handle.
He still has not learned the technique to pull power from the elements around him, and that is what almost killed him.
It takes great determination to use your entire stock of magic like he did.
He needs rest, and rest he shall have.
Now then, these people think that you two are some sort of heroes.
They wanted to throw you a celebration but I told them we would be leaving very soon.
I told the mayor I would make you available to tell your story to their town elders so it could be recorded in the town history.
Before you go to do that I would like to hear the details first.
I was hoping to get some ale and dance a couple dances before we left town.
If Kilen is alright I will check on him and go to find a pretty lady or two.
When he wakes up, he can tell them about the two fire wielders.
I am not the one the elders will want to talk to.
Brent sat up straighter and smiled, The elders did not request Kilen, they requested you.
They wish to speak to the boy that faced down two wielders with only his bow.
Besides, if Kilen went unconscious, how will he know the whole of the story.
Now, tell me what did happen.
Bowie told Brent about the fight and how he had put the bracer and dagger in his pouch, and how he found Kilen.
He told him of each detail of Kilen health, when he used the rings to lift him and how he rode with him the entire way back.
When he finished the Wizard stared at him with arms tucked into the sleeves of his blue robes.
Do you have the bracer and dagger on you now.
I left them in the room where they could be safe.
Brent jumped up and moved around the table to where Bowie was now standing.
Take me to them NOW., he practically yelled as they went up the stairs to the rooms.
Those items in the wrong hands, even a child curious about a lords things, could cause us great problems.
They burst into Bowie rooms and he saw the bag by the bed where he had left it.
He opened the sack to find the two items still inside and he let out a sigh of relief.
He handed the bag to Brent who looked inside and reluctantly took the bracer out of the bag.
This certainly is fire imbued, I will wear it and keep it safe until it can be passed to the proper user.
He picked up the blade and turned it over in his hands.
You said the other man was using this for his magic.
It is the only thing metal I found near him.
He was wearing robes, and was telling the other man to take the bracer off.
Brent looked at Bowie and nodded, You killed a fire wizard, boy, not an armor bearer.
The king will want to hear about this in haste, we will have to redouble our efforts to get to Deuterium.
If a fully trained and in control fire wizard is moving through the Earth Realm with weapon or armor bearer, our nations are very much in trouble.
We should leave as soon as Kilen is able.
You should go and see the elders now.
Spare no detail.
Bowie left to find the mayor at the inn bar, and found Leroy coming out of the kitchens.
Hey where have you been.
Leroy opened a bag of spices in front of Bowie, Collecting supplies for the road.
I found so many spices here that we only get when a peddler comes through town.
I had to collect as much as I could.
My lord, I did find you two new outfits of the same quality as the others, a green and a purple.
I will have them packed with your things.
Great, pack them with my things.
Do you need any coin to pay for the things you bought.
Leroy shook his head, no my lord.
After your heroic actions they require no money for the small requests.
Is there anything else that my lord wishes me to acquire before we depart.
Stop calling me lord, Bowie now felt awkward having a friend treat him as a lord.
He took of his hat and handed it to Leroy, Pack that with my things until we leave.
Bowie, in his lordly coat stalked towards the inn exit, Leroy followed quickly.
My lord, he said to stop Bowie from leaving.
The wizard wishes me to remain your manservant for the duration of the day.
He says that I can gain information by listening in places that my lord cannot go.
Shall I continue in calling you Lord.
Bowie scratched at his head through his red hair, Listen to the wizard.
He sighed and turned his head towards Leroy, As soon as we are clear of town you will stop calling me lord.
You are my friend and not my servant, Leroy.
Now give me back my hat, if he wants me to play the part of a Lord I might as well look the part.
Leroy handed his hat back and ran off to complete the other errands that Bowie had made.
Bowie fussed putting the hat back on his head and saw a serving girl watching him.
He winked at her and she looked down and blushed.
He smiled to himself and made his way out of the inn to find the mayor.
He had to ask a couple of people in town where to find the mayor manor.
Everyone in town was very helpful and thanked him for his heroics.
Three young maids gave him flowers in thanks for saving them from more suffering.
He kissed a hand of each and promised that if he had time he would dance with each if they could find him at the Traveling Soldier Inn later that night.
He began to walk taller and try to walk as he thought a lord would walk.
When he finally arrived at the mayor house there was a large front sitting room with mounted animal heads on the walls and a large bear fur rug on the floor.
Six chairs were filled with old men that had lost most of their hair to be replaced by sunspots.
Smoke filled the room as they puffed on long stem pipes, and drank on brandy.
Bowie took off his hat and flourished a deep bow in front of the men.
Come now my lord, none of that, said the mayor showing Bowie to a seat.
We should be bowing down to you in thanks.
I heard it was quite a battle.
It took a lot of our men the better part of the night to put out the fires those two started.
We were so glad to see you arrive unharmed.
How fares the weapon bearer.
Bowie handed a small girl his hat and picked up a pipe lying on a table with legs made of animal antlers.
He loaded it with tobacco as he started his story, Kilen is fine.
I will tell you what I know happened.
Some is for us to know and we shall keep our secrets.
He tried to sound mysterious and put on a good face pretending to have fought others like this before.
Kilen and I traveled out and found the wielders resting.
When we found them we split up.
Kilen was supposed to distract them and draw most of the flames so that I could take the shots.
Kilen got close enough to open the ground underneath the first one and then crushed him with the weight of the land.
The group of men sat back and puffed on their pipes smiling widely, they were very impressed by the story so far.
When he did this, the other wielder began to throw fireballs in rage because of his friend death.
Kilen shield was bombarded and he was pinned down, taking the brunt of the force.
He created a fog, allowing me to see through it to the wizard, but obscuring the fire wizard vision of Kilen.
He made me the target, but I had no fear.
I never miss a shot in the heat of battle.
He left out the part that this was his first experience with any sort of battle.
I drew my bow and was able to take one shot, hitting him in the shoulder before he turned in my direction.
Flames leapt up all around me but I stood my ground.
Dodging more attacks from the wizard, I was able to land three more shots in him before he finally died.
The men clapped in praise of his story and some even slapped him on the back, which made him choke on his pipe.
They all laughed and one man sitting in a chair opposite of Bowie spoke through the talking, And what of your friend, do you celebrate while he lays on his deathbed.
The room got quiet and Bowie felt the tension between the others in the room.
He will be fine soon enough, he just needs rest.
Wizard Brent told me that he exhausted himself using the extent of his magic in order to maintain the fog to protect us.
He will wake soon and be right as rain.
The man smiled at that and stood to shake his hand.
I will join the celebration then.
I was told you were not staying for our feast tonight.
Bowie stood, I am sorry, I would have liked to have had a bit of celebration, having missed Springfest to join this party I travel with.
I have already lined up a few dances for this afternoon at the Traveling Soldier.
If you want to have a bit of celebration please come and join the fun I will be having there.
Perhaps I can learn a little bit more about this town.
The men all agreed to join Bowie.
They gathered their jackets and Bowie placed his hat back on his head as they departed for the inn.
Kilen eyes fluttered and he struggled to keep them open.
When he could, his vision revealed a low peaked ceiling with thick wood rafters.
He moved his toes and arms and felt that his body was sore as if he had chopped wood for the entire day before.
His sword hand hurt, but when he tried to move it he found it tied with cloth to his sword.
Kilen sat up on the cushioned bed, pushing the sheets off his bare chest.
Kara was sleeping on a pallet near his bed and was breathing deeply.
Kilen head swayed with the movement of sitting up straight.
He closed his eyes for a moment to gain his balance and felt as if someone was watching him.
He opened them again and looked around the room to find no one there.
He slowly rose and moved about the room in his small clothes, and his sword tied to his arm.
He found a new pair of black leather pants and a green wool shirt that laced up the front.
They seemed to be his size so he put them on and looked at himself in the mirror.
Kilen heard someone scream, ITS HIM, HES THE ONE WHO SENT ME HERE TO THIS PLACE.
Kilen looked around the room and saw no one but felt someone watching still.
He looked in the wardrobe and under the bed.
He looked out the window and saw Bowie walking out of the inn, towards Gulrich town square.
Did you see him.
Joahna, did you see that murderer.
Kilen heard the voice say as he continued to look from where the man was talking from.
The voices seemed to come from all directions and yet none at all.
I saw him too, maybe we are not dead after all.
Let us watch, and see if he will show us how to return to our bodies.
The voices were silent, but Kilen decided that if he could hear them, they could probably hear him.
He spoke out to the empty room, Hello.
I can hear you talking.
If you want to keep it private please be quiet.
He can hear us, Joahna.
Make him give us back our bodies.
The person called Joahna spoke angrily, MAX, hold your tongue.
Do not speak to him you stupid oaf.
You will learn enough if you be quiet and watch.
Kilen spoke out into the room again, Hello.
Why are you watching me.
He waited but no answer came.
He moved around the room checking the walls seams and the ceiling.
The cracks between the thick log walls were sealed with a tar to keep them from being drafty, they should have held out any voices as well as wind.
Kilen peeked out into the hall and found no one outside the door, but heard music playing down stairs that would have drowned out anything he had said in his room.
Why are you watching me.
Maybe if you told me what you want I could help you, Kilen pleaded with the two men watching him.
He remembered hearing the men call each other Joahna and Max.
If they would not show themselves then he would listen for anyone in town to mention them.
Kilen put on his sword belt with considerable difficulty using one hand and decided to test his strength.
He put the sword on the belt and untied his hand, he lifted his hand from the hilt and a wave of fatigue hit him.
He was still able to stand and move on his own, so he decided he would be ok without tying his hand back.
Kilen packed his things and took another look into the mirror to straighten his hair.
He checked Kara, she was in a subdued state.
He left the room and locked the door behind him.
He moved to the rooms on either side of his and listened at the door.
A girl came up the stairs and curtsied to Kilen with a curious look on her face.
She stood in the hallway saying nothing to him with her head of long brown hair looking at the floor.
Kilen spoke first, Excuse me milady, can you tell me who is staying in these rooms here.
He pointed to the rooms on either side of his own.
The girl looked nervous and unsure how to answer or even if she should.
She curtsied again and spoke in a shaky voice, My lord, only your friends are allowed on the third floor.
Kilen thanked her and she moved on down the hallway to a door.
Kilen followed and saw her cleaning the rooms.
Bowie bow rested against the wardrobe, it must be where Bowie was staying.
Kilen carefully walked down the stairs, being careful not to fall in his weakened state.
He was thinking about what the two men were talking about, getting their bodies back.
He thought that it was impossible for people to be separated from their bodies and laughed at the thought of bodiless men haunting him.
He looked over his shoulder anyway, checking for the eyes he still felt watching him.
When he arrived at the bottom floor, Brent was sitting at the inn table tapping his foot to the minstrel playing, The Wind Worn Ridge.
Kilen took the seat next to him, as it was the closest, and easiest to get to.
His muscles were a little shaky pulling the chair from the table.
He sat down with a plop and rested his hand again on his sword.
Brent smiled and motioned a serving girl sitting on another man leg.
She got up with haste and returned with a two pheasants, bread, cheese, wine, and fruit.
Kilen started to eat ravenously.
He had not noticed how hungry he was until he started in on the plate.
The eyes watched him still but he began to ignore them, besides there were other sets watching him now.
Only the new sets of eyes had bodies to go with them.
Kilen finished his plate while Brent spoke quietly.
You did well boy.
Even the best trained weapon bearer fear is taking on a fire wizard that is in control.
When you are fully trained you should be quite a show.
I think that you have just proven your worth and gained your sister quite a few years in training under the king protection.
I know the people of Gulrich will sleep better knowing their home will not suddenly burst into flames.
They are extremely grateful, the people here.
They have brought all the supplies we will need to arrive at Deuterium safely.
We will continue our ride without stopping in another city.
When you are done eating the people here have gifts for you.
After that we will get on the road, if you are able.
Are you able to continue.
Kilen did feel a lot better after getting some food in his stomach.
He felt the strength returning to his limbs.
He stretched his legs and feet under the table.
Kilen nodded, I can ride if needed.
I do not know how much help I will be with sustaining the others, but I can ride.
Brent stood and held out his arm to shake hands, That is all I ask.
Then Max voice screamed at the fire bracer sticking out of Brent is sleeves, MY BRACER, the traitorous wizard is wearing my bracer.
You were never worthy of that bracer, you could not control yourself.
In the end you wore it and have got us condemned to this place, Joahna answered Max.
The voices were quiet once again.
Kilen had stood up at hearing Max scream, his heart was pounding as he looked around the bar.
Brent still had his hand extended and was looking about the room and back at Kilen with his bushy eyebrows furrowed in confusion.
The rest of the people had not noticed Kilen and Brent, now standing awkward at the table.
Kilen realized that no one had heard the voice except him.
Kilen wanted to be alone to think, but he needed to get away from Brent in order to do that.
Ineed to buy another book to write in before we leave.
If you will excuse me.
Kilen hurried past Brent, out the tavern door and out into the street.
He did not get far before Bowie called out his name.
Bowie was being followed by the mayor and a few aged men all smoking long stem pipes.
The mayor called out immediately to Kilen, My lord weapon bearer, I am certainly glad to see you awake and around.
Please accept my humble thanks for stopping those two Fire Realm heathens.
The mayor turned to children on the street, Fetch the blacksmith.
You get the tailor, and you go get the stable master.
Tell them the weapon bearer has wakened.
Children ran off to see to the mayor wishes.
Kilen was sometimes given orders like that from Mayor Bingham.
The moment of watching the children run off, reminded him of home, and that made him smile.
Please sir, I have heard that your gracious town has already given us ample supplies.
I do not want any additional gifts.
You should take the money and repair the buildings that were damaged instead, Kilen told him earnestly.
Mayor Thornhill shook his head, Nonsense, they are only small items, but we are proud to have provided them for a weapon bearer.
You protect our nation and our way of life so we will not have you running around in shambles of armor to defend us with.
The other men started to nod their heads and agree with the mayor.
Kilen knew that he was getting nowhere in his attempt to be alone to figure out the presence he felt watching him.
Please come and sit with us and have some wine.
Lord Crescent here was just telling us of your victory over the Fire Realm.
The short man stuck out his chest and tucked his thumbs into his loose breeches held up by suspenders, trying to give the impression it was his victory also.
Kilen sighed and took a step to the side then held out his arm for Mayor Thornhill to lead into the way.
The mayor started telling the innkeeper all they would need to eat and more importantly drink.
He told the large innkeeper named Ned to bring out red, cherry, and white wines.
He listed off the people in town that said they would donate brandy and ale for the occasion.
The list of food items was astounding three cheeses, breads, four types of meat, fruits, stews, and even candies.
Each item was being donated from people around the town that had been relieved to hear of the defeat of the fire wielders.
Leroy came out of the kitchen to serve Bowie a plate of poached quail eggs, steak, and cheese.
Musicians stumbled in and played with the inn minstrel until there was a whole band.
Girls lined up to dance with Bowie, once again playing a lord.
Each song started to agitate Brent more and more.
he was anxious to be departing Gulrich and get back to the King protection.
Kilen ate plate after plate of food, and then the gifts started coming.
First a tailor with two sets of fine clothing fit for a warrior, dark leather pants thick wool shirts a deep color of green.
There was one thick leather jerkin for putting armor on top of to protect the skin from the metal digging in.
The tailor took pride when he knelt down to ask Kilen if he would wear a sword belt that he had made just for Kilen.
Kilen took it.
The belt was pure black leather with polished metal studs along the outside.
Kilen put in on in the middle of the bar and allowed the tailor to help adjust the belt to fit properly.
Kilen slid his sword on scabbard into the pocket made to hold it.
The sword was comfortable and allowed him to rest his hand on it easier.
Kilen thanked the man, the tailor beamed and bowed three times walking out.
Each person was just as honored when they presented gifts to Kilen and Bowie.
Kilen received a new quill and ink set inside a sturdy oak box.
Someone must have mentioned that he liked to write.
When the blacksmith came in he was still wearing his working apron and belt.
His face was covered in black soot.
The workers of the forge were still wearing their steel working attire.
They all stopped at the bar to drink deeply of wine and partake in some of the food laid out there.
When they were done the blacksmith came to stand in front of Kilen, I have worked through the night to do what I could for your armor.
The man pulled each piece of Kilen armor from a bag.
Each piece was now scratch and dent free.
The leather bindings were made from new black leather with studs to match his belt.
The chest piece now had painting on it in deep green, a tree to match the symbol of the Earth Realm.
The tree exactly matched the magic mark left on his blade and rings.
The bracers, helm, and shield were in total repair and also polished to a high gloss.
Brent smiled at seeing them laid out on the table.
Kilen picked up the shield, painted on its surface was the same tree with such detail Kilen could make out the individual leaves.
Kilen reached out and clasped the smith still sweaty and grimy hand while holding the shield in his other hand.
You have done an excellent work.
I will prize these and take pride in such a gift given to me.
If I ever find others in need of armor be assured that I will send them to your forge.
These are beautiful and I cannot thank you enough for them, Kilen said still holding the man hand.
He spoke back with a smile from ear to ear, My wife did much of the polishing and painted the tree herself.
You have saved our town much loss.
I was one of those men selected to go after the fire wielders because I can stand great heat.
I would not have survived the encounter I am sure.
I stand here today because you have stood in my place.
These are not a gift, but a representation of the lives you have saved.
Use them well weapon bearer, he said as he bowed his head and walked away.
Kilen noticed a woman bouncing a baby on her hip follow him out the door.
Kilen said nothing to anyone as he collected his new items and headed up the stairs taking three steps at a time with renewed energy and pride.
He went to his room and starting putting all the clothing and armor on.
If he was going to leave this town.
He would leave it wearing the town best work.
He looked in the standing mirror and did not recognize the warrior looking back.
He looked powerful, deadly, and intimidating in his polished armor, black leather bindings, silver worked sword sheath, and green riding cloak.
Kilen placed the helm under his arm and went back down to the gathering in the dining hall.
The crowd went silent as he walked through in his new equipment.
Bowie stood and motioned for Leroy to come over, Gather our things, we are leaving now.
Brent followed out the door and the wizard, weapon bearer, and Lord stood in the street saying good bye and taking final thanks.
Men came out of the inn carrying Kara.
Very carefully they placed her into a small cart that one horse could pull.
They lashed her down so that she would not bounce and tucked goose pillows under her body and head.
They would be able to travel faster than they had before, and with much more pride.
To anyone that passed she would just be a sick girl.
When they were all mounted and ready to leave Brent did one final wave then sprinted his horse through the town and onto a more traveled road.
Kilen was waiting for the pace to slow, but they did not.
Kilen felt his horse starting to breath heavy and sweat.
Brent turned back and yelled to Kilen, The longer you wait to restore them the more energy it will take.
We have lost precious time.
Kilen reached out and restored the horse energy.
The riders needed it less.
The party kept that pace through the rest of the remaining day and slowed only at night because the horses might misstep in the darkness.
As soon as it was light enough the race began again.
Brent quickened the pace.
Town after town blazed by in the next days.
Kilen was slowly regaining his energy through magic.
He constantly held on to his sword.
He healed saddle sores and riding blisters, restored water in each person body.
Maintaining a balance between using too much of his magic and keeping the party moving at a fast pace.
They stopped once to feed the horses.
Kilen slept only a moment, while the others stretched their legs and prepared food for the road.
The only other thing that was spoken Brent said to the group, You lacked discipline in Gulrich.
So now I must teach you that.
This is how we will travel until we reach Deuterium.
He said nothing more, and no one else did either.
The First Wizard Calvin rarely got messages from his sons and in this case the message was for the King sent secretly through Calvin.
Calvin always thought that Brent is secret schemes would get him in trouble, and wondered what kind of trouble he had gotten himself into now.
Calvin walked the wizard barracks and made his way to the King throne room to deliver the message.
He had to think of his son as a wizard first, and to trust his need for secrecy.
Calvin soft soled shoes barely made a noise on the white marble floors as he passed through the many corridors in the castle.
His long green robes with golden tassels hanging down the front swished as he walked.
The servants bowed to him, and in return he blessed them with energy as he walked past.
He rarely used his magic for anything other than renewing workers in his elderly life.
He had wondered if he had begun rearing children too late to become a great father.
All the proof he needed was seeing his only two sons sitting on the council seat arguing for the people of the Earth and Water Realms.
They had just begun their lives as wizards and they would see grand changes come about before he passed to the spirit world.
Calvin stopped to look at himself in a mirror in the long hallway.
This was a habit he had made when he first stopped aging as a normal humans do.
His body should have been turned to dust many years ago, but he lived on preserved by magic.
His thinning gray hair, long drooping ears, and nose made it apparent that he was elderly.
His gray beard and long mustache hung down to mid chest and covered the emblem of the Earth Realm, a healthy green tree.
Only a handful knew the truth that his age was well beyond one hundred and fifty years, and he would still have many years left in the world.
The look of an elderly man had served him well on several occasions when people thought him too weak to fight back.
He had surprised them with the raging earth magic that dwelled inside him.
He was not weak or frail.
He was the King last line of defense and a formidable defense at that.
Calvin came to the end of a long hallway which was lined with noble guest rooms.
At the end of the hall was one of many locked doors that servants knew nothing of what remained behind.
He took a key from beneath his robes, opened the door, and quickly closed it, making sure that he was not followed.
Locking the door, he went down into the pitch black hallway, feeling his way along the walls.
Marks in the walls would warn people inside of when stairs started up or down or when a turn was coming.
There was no map of this corridor and very few had any access to it.
The hallways led to many places of interest, like the throne room that Calvin now sought out.
He found the door he was looking for and quietly unlocked and exited it.
A long green curtain hung from ceiling to floor in the throne room along the wall behind the dais.
The curtain served the purpose of showing wealth and hiding the door Calvin so quietly opened and closed behind him.
He listened for anyone presence in the room and when he was satisfied, he passed out from behind the curtain seeing the King in his throne reading reports.
Calvin these reports are spotty at best, Jace has seen nothing of an invasion from the Fire Realm.
He says that there are small parties, of one to five men traveling around the Earth and Water Realms.
He says in most cases they cause no trouble other than stealing food like common thieves.
Gortus reports absolutely nothing helpful of the northern woods.
He found some rogue wizards that were angry they had been disturbed.
The experience cost him his horse and three days to find a town to get another.
Messages come in from all over saying small fires have been started with no explanation, like one in Gulrich only a day passed.
There were two buildings on the outskirts of town that went ablaze.
If the Fire Realm is starting a war I do not see pattern to how they are going to attack us.
They seem to be moving in circles along the Heathmos Pass.
There are too few in number to cause us any great threat unless they were to come together.
A servant boy came into the room by a side entrance used to serve the King his food and drink.
The King yelled out to him, You there, find me a map maker with a map of the Heathmos Pass and summon him here at once.
The king stroked his brown beard as he studied the reports.
My king, perhaps my son could enlighten you with more information.
I just received a scroll from Brent marked for your eyes only, Calvin said, holding the scroll out to the King from beside the throne.
He broke the wax seal on the scroll and looked it over, reading and re reading it before handing it back to Calvin.
Your son always writes in code and it is often gibberish to my eyes.
Tell me what he is saying before he arrives here in person to speak in more codes.
Calvin took the now open scroll and read it out loud to the king.
Our friends in Gulrich had two buildings burn to the ground as a result of a wild fire.
The town is now safe and the fire put out.
I bring the arrow maker from the moon back to you for service.
I also bring to you now a young girl with the spark, and her brother to protect her.
He carries a double edged blade, and professes his loyalty and life to your house.
We shall arrive in less than four days if all goes well, to receive your knowledge and guidance.
The aged wizard read it to himself twice more before he spoke an attempt at interpretation.
He has found evidence of the Fire Realm near Gulrich and has stopped the threat on that front.
The arrow maker from the moon I do not understand, maybe a moon shaped country or town.
He has found a girl that is a fire wizard and is bringing her here for training to be a full wizard.
The girl brother has offered his service to you, in order to pay for her training.
This part about a double edged blade is a little peculiar.
My first thought would be a swordsmen.
That could not be right, he must mean a weapon bearer.
I was sure that you ordered all weapon bearer of any substantial age to return here for Springfest.
He would have to be a second generation weapon bearer, but I had thought those were all accounted for also.
If I remember correctly none are from near Gulrich, so the question remains, where did this weapon bearer come from.
I wonder why he said double edged blade instead of, the boy brings his own weapon.
Calvin was thinking out loud now stroking his gray beard out of habit.
Perhaps your son has yet again disobeyed my order and imbued yet another weapon without consent, King Atmos snarled.
Calvin raised a single finger, I think that it would have been wise of him, if he raised a weapon bearer to help him subdue the girl and keep her from destroying the realm on a rampage.
If this is the case the sword is already yours by the wizard council laws and you would gain another water bearer as soon as he arrives back in Deuterium.
I believe that this is a great possibility, since my son is one of the weaker wizards in magic.
I see now.
I certainly can use another water bearer of my own.
I will appoint Captain Lorusk the bearer of the sword when your son presents it to me.
Ensure the captain is here to receive his weapon when they arrive.
This part about the arrow maker from the moon, what does that mean.
Calvin paused a moment before answering, I was wondering the same, sire.
It could mean many things, an arrow is a weapon at flight.
It could mean Jace or Gortus is returning with him.
It could simply mean he has found an arrow maker that lived in an area shaped like the moon or a town named after the moon.
Apparently he thought it would be of some significance to you.
Sire, I can only guess at the meaning of that clue.
When the map maker returns, we will explore any locations with relations to the moon.
That task is a low priority to marking our towns and supply holds in the Heathmos pass, as well as enemy sightings and numbers there.
We will see if there is a visible pattern to their movements.
Calvin spoke more confidently, Soon wizards will be returning with reports from local townships and we will get a more accurate report.
The two men started looking over reports, awaiting the arrival of the map maker.
The throne room doors forced open and a guardsmen announced Scout Jace into the king presence.
The scout was dripping wet from head to toe, but the water seemed not to bother him.
Well, I know that Jace is not the man from the moon, Atmos said tossing Brent is scroll to the side and onto a pile of reports.
Jace approached the King and knelt in front of him, Reporting as ordered, my king.
The rain had slowed the group to a walk once again during the dark of the first night.
Muddy ground could make dangerous footing.
The wet had soaked through all of Kilen new clothes.
The feeling did not bother him though.
The world around him seemed more vibrant and more detailed than he had ever experienced.
Each drop of rain helped him see every crevice on the ground, plants, and even the shapes of his friends.
Kilen had used his cloak and the one they set aside for Kara to cover her cart to keep her dry.
The water still seeped in but Leroy herb kept her well in a deep state of sleep.
The slowing of the party let Kilen regain his energy faster because he was not restoring the animals or his friends as often as he had been while running.
Brent had told him that letting the rain soak his clothes would help to heal him and restore his power faster than normal.
Kilen felt energized and almost back to normal for the first time since he blacked out fighting the fire wielders.
Bowie had unstrung his bow and kept the strings in a pouch under his shirt and riding cloak to keep them from becoming wet.
Leroy had done the same for his stocks of herbs.
When the party stopped to break their morning fast, Brent held out a hand and lit a dead log ablaze using the imbued bracer Bowie had brought back.
The action set the voices that only Kilen could hear to talking again.
Max and Joahna argued intensely until Kilen shouted, Be quiet.
The others looked at him and he simply told them, I thought I heard something.
Kilen knew they all we are wondering what exactly he had heard over the rain falling on the tree canopy far overhead or the rain runoff hitting the ground around them.
He tried to go on as normal as he could, letting the voices whisper to each other inside his head.
Kilen had decided that he was either being haunted by the two men he had killed, or the action of killing them had driven him completely insane.
He had heard stories of men in battle becoming confused or losing his mind due to a battle holding their own limbs severed from their bodies, or losing total control in blood lust that they started to kill their friends as well as enemy.
The problem was he had never heard of a man hearing voices.
He wondered if he was even cut out to be a weapon bearer.
The rain cleared in the early afternoon on the second day of travel but the ground was considerably soft.
Great care was taken to keep the horses from turning a foot or throwing a rider by slipping in the mud.
Brent not only led the way but set the pace faster or slower whenever they needed.
The traveling was quiet and focused, it gave Kilen time to think about the voices and his upcoming training.
He knew that he had to do whatever he could to help Kara gain control of her intense anger.
If that meant he had to keep the secret of hearing voices to himself, he would as long as he could.
Kilen had gotten angry when Max referred to Kara as being pretty enough to take his guilty pleasures out on.
When Kilen lashed out inside his mind, Max cried out in pain.
Joahna pleaded for him to stop hurting Max and Kilen did not stop until he heard the voice call Kilen by name.
The experience although had proved two things Even though he heard voices, they heard him too.
And, if he wanted he could cause them pain.
The notion meant that Kilen could still fight the ghosts of his past and perhaps regain his sanity.
During the evening of the third day, Bowie was talking with Leroy taking up a position in the back.
He called up, A rider coming fast from the rear.
Brent called back, Be calm, it is probably nothing.
If there is a problem I will defend us with fire, at least I am strong with this.
He held up the bracer so the others could see.
Bowie had already strung his bow, and knocked an arrow at the ready.
He held it in place with one hand and held the reins with the other.
Leroy flicked his father silver knife across the back of his fingers then it disappeared back into his sleeves as quick as it had come out.
Kilen began to wonder at when they had become so weary of other strangers on the road.
Then he realized that this is the first time they had been passed since they started.
They had overtaken many people on the road, but because of Kilen constant help they had been swifter than anyone else.
Slowly, the rider overtook the gap they had between them.
When Brent was able to pick out the features of the rider, he called the party to a halt.
Brent rode back down the road and met the rider half the distance from them.
The rider was wearing a blue robe and next to Brent was small in stature.
The girl removed her hood and Kilen recognized Twilix, the water wizard who restored the power in his rings.
The girl was still wearing the same robes she had been when he met her, and her golden hair flowed down around her shoulders.
Brent and Twilix road up to meet the others who were still mounted in the middle of the road.
She rode up and looked each person over, shaking their hands and exchanging pleasantries as she passed.
She looked over Kara and nodded her head in satisfaction.
When she came to the front of the column Kilen remembered that he still had his helmet on and tucking it under his arm.
He ran his hands through his hair, straightening it.
She looked him up and down before smiling, I know you, the boy with his father rings of earth magic, am I correct.
Yes, that was me in Humbridge.
Thank you again Wizard Twilix, they have helped me a great deal already.
I see that you have come far since that day just a week ago.
How did you ever come into possession of a weapon like that Kilen.
she said looking down at Kilen hip.
Kilen horse pranced to the side and he fumbled with the reigns.
She smiled, patiently waiting for an answer.
I uhm, it was my father.
I think you might remember my mother giving it to the volunteer from my village before you sent him to the king.
She looked at the sword and then nodded, How did you convince him to give it back.
She looked in her book searching for something, Your volunteer, Chit if I remember right, did not seem very generous to his friends or family there.
I did not let him get away with my father sword.
He had no right to it.
My mother had no right to give it to him either.
I used the strength in the rings to chase him down and I caught up with him outside of Basham.
Bowie cut him off speaking from behind the small cart, Caught up with him, you beat him there and laid in waiting.
The wizards both looked at him and gave him a look that said to be quiet.
Kilen continued, When I caught up to him I tried to fight him in the street.
Kara and Bowie had been following me.
He gestured to them as he spoke, Kara became angry and awakened her fire magic.
She started throwing fire and nearly caught Bowie up in flames, too.
Brent came around the corner and saved us all, using that elemental.
After that I took my blade back and Brent interjected, and I am helping them get Kara to the king.
We have much more story.
I am sure Kilen can talk to you about during his training as a weapon bearer.
He wishes to be a scout to pay for Kara training.
We have a lot of road to make up if we are to get her there before nightfall.
Shall we be off.
Kilen if you do not mind, I have a lot of extra energy here and would like to help you maintain the others until we reach Deuterium, She spoke in a calm and patient manner as if she did not hear Brent is urgency.
I can maintain my party.
It is my duty as a weapon bearer, Wizard Twilix.
Kilen tried to sound as if he had already become a weapon bearer.
She smiled at him a very big smile, Kilen wondered how someone so young as Twilix could be allowed to travel the road alone.
In Humbridge girls of her age were not allowed to be out after dark or go to Basham without an adult escort.
She reminded him of his little sister and he was sure she was of the same age.
He knew that she was very good at using magic as the messenger in Humbridge had warned, but he wondered how she got so good by her age.
He wanted so desperately to be taught by her because it reminded him of time he spent with Kara.
When she spoke next he looked into her green eyes and saw an unfamiliar wisdom.
He instantly wondered if that wisdom would come with their training.
You will do as a wizard commands and keep your own delusions of duty out of it.
Now I command you to take up the rear and save your energy for training at Deuterium.
Kilen did as she commanded, feeling embarrassed that he had defied her.
He rode hard, to keep up with Brent as he set a far faster pace than he had the entire trip.
Soon the forest faded and in the distance, taking its place, were rows and rows of orchards.
Every kind of fruit tree Kilen could ever remember tasting grew there.
The trees went on as they rode for more than two leagues.
Small towns existed along the road and contained the normal hustle and bustle of village life.
Houses and barns sprang up between them as they rode past in a hurry.
When the orchards faded in the distance, fields of crops took their place, the roads widened and finally Kilen could see Deuterium in the distance.
The city was so massive that they road for another league before Kilen could make out the individual towers.
The city itself was cased by three of the largest trees the world would ever see.
The trees were legendary and were supposed to contain the spirits of great earth wizards from the past, Terifue, Pacta, and Heathmos.
The city and castle were dwarfed by the giant trees, shading it underneath their limbs.
When they got closer Kilen felt like an ant standing under one of the trees in the forest he had just ridden through.
The castle walls were made of what Kilen would say was white marble with shining silver flakes veining their way up the walls.
They seemed to be made of one piece the way it was seamed together, as if the city was carved from a mountain instead of the walls built from stone blocks.
When they passed through the city gates, vines and flowers climbed the inside walls.
Each patch of ground grew luscious grass and each window had a box with herbs and flowers blooming.
The buildings were three stories tall, made of wood and stone.
The roofs were made of gray slate tiles.
Vendors and markets lined the streets and children wove in and out of the people shopping there.
Brent led the group to a tavern just inside the front gate where he was greeted as Councilmen Parker.
The praetorian outside waved for a boy to get help and take all the horses around the back entrance.
Leroy followed at the instruction of Brent.
Twilix departed with the need of reporting to the King before dinner.
The crowd parted for her, all calling her Sorceress Twilix and cheering her on down the street.
She waved at them all, and even tossed down a couple copper to children in ragged clothes playing near the alley.
Once inside, Brent lead them to a washroom with bowls filled with warm water and soap.
They all stripped down and cleaned themselves.
Leroy came in carrying new underclothes and a second uniform for Kilen.
Bowie had a new yellow lord jacket and black breeches with yellow dyed leather lacing up the legs.
He stuck a new feather into his hat, also the color of yellow.
He would stand out as a lord in any crowd Kilen thought.
Brent stuck his robes into a basin and scrubbed them with soap.
His small frame was skinny and the skin seemed to cling to the wiry muscles underneath.
He looked as if either he had not eaten or had taken sick for some time.
He quickly removed the water from the robe, using his magic to force the water out.
The robe looked clean and fresh like it had been washed and dried properly.
Its vibrant dark blue was restored.
Kilen took a rag and oil and polished his shield and armor, making them shine.
He threw the rag into a rubbish pile and realized that it was the last of his torn clothing from the night of chasing Chit.
When they were all clean Kilen, carried in Kara and laid her down.
Everyone else left the room and he began to wash her hair, extremities and face, making her presentable to King Atmos.
Bowie knocked on the door and provided a yellow dress fit for Kara.
He did his best to dress her then took her to the private room Brent had acquired.
A young serving girl came in and at Brent is request braided Kara hair with fresh flowers in it.
I do not know if the King will allow you to visit her after we start her training.
I arranged for this dress hoping you would remember her like this until you can see her again.
If she learns to control herself in as much time as normal fire wizards, she will have only aged a few years before you see her again.
Kilen choked his tears back before he got out, Thank you.
He stroked his sister cheek and laid her on a bench with a pillow so they could eat.
A stew had been put into bowls and each person ate in silence either from nerves or from or excitement.
When all the bowls were empty and cleared from the table Brent closed the door to the room and spoke to each in turn.
I said she would age only a few years.
You will have aged probably more than ten.
He waited for Kilen to understand what he was saying.
Learning to control her emotions would take a far longer time than had thought.
Leroy, today you will not be going to meet the king with us.
You will mind the horses, and insure that they are not mistaken for the kingdoms pack animals.
Master Crescent you will come in with us.
I will introduce you and lay down your desire of wanting to become an archer for his majesty army.
Is that really what you want, you could make a large sum of money becoming a private fletcher in town making arrows.
I make arrows because I can, but it is not what I want to look back at my life and say I accomplished.
I will help Kara plain and simple.
It is the way I will help, he said looking between Kilen and Brent each in turn.
Brent nodded his approval and understanding.
I will present Kara next and introduce her.
Her herbs should wear off soon.
She might even be able to talk so you will need to be ready to subdue her again, Kilen.
I will present you last.
Kilen.
There will be much to discuss about your father sword and your right to claim it.
We will discuss payment for Kara training, your training schedule, and where you should be housed.
These things are normally discussed privately, but with you having two marks on your blade he might take a special interest in your training.
I did send a message when you two were sleeping in Gulrich.
It contained most of what I was presenting the King with.
I am not sure if he will ask for your oath Kilen, in which case we will have to give it if you plan on making this work.
If he does not, you will be bound by only your word.
I would not suggest an oath, if he does not ask.
When and if he asks you a question you must answer honestly and without hesitation.
Hesitate and he will take it as a sign of you making up a lie.
Always answer questions with sire or my king.
He must know that what we have done was not out of treachery.
If he makes you angry do not show it.
You must present yourself worthy of the sword you carry.
Make your father proud.
The last was given by command but it was Kilen intention before being told.
After this last meal and lecture they left the tavern by the back entrance and Kilen lifted Kara into his saddle.
He then climbed up and arranged her into it with him, her riding side saddle, leaning on his chest.
Leroy helped Kilen strap the shield to his back and place the helm on his head.
Brent and Bowie both mounted and Bowie primped his hat, making sure one side was pinned up properly by the yellow feather and the rest was straight.
He straightened his jacket and placed more arrows into his quiver.
He kept his strung bow over his shoulder, with the string running across his chest.
When they walked their horses through the town Bowie heard comments from people wondering which lordling was in town visiting the king.
The closer they got to the inner city the larger the houses got.
The building materials became the same white marble the city walls were made of.
The plants and trees became sparse and the number of people on the streets dwindled to only a few.
The people in the inner city wore nice clothes and all the men wore thin dueling rapiers with ornate hilts.
The women wore dresses with lace at the cuffs and around the exposed cleavage.
Each dress would have cost a two months wages in Humbridge, Bowie pointed out.
Bowie wondered at the riches he would find when he could explore the city shops.
The king castle was towering over head and it was surrounded by a second inner city wall.
The walls were two building levels high in the inner city, but they were made with the same seamless marble materials.
A guardsman atop the gate high arc recognized Brent and yelled down to men inside.
Two large black steel gates creaked open and men rushed out to take the horses.
Brent motioned everyone down and Kilen slid off his horse holding Kara in both arms.
Men came to take Kara from him but Brent waved them off.
Brent approached, Remember what we talked about.
Tell only the truth and speak only when asked a question directly.
When we get before the King keep left your hand on your blade at all times, remember it is yours.
When I greet him you will go to one knee, placing your helm on the floor beside you, then salute with your blade hand across your chest and bow your head.
You see these men, upon their shoulders tells what they are.
The shield pin holding that one cloak on says he an armor bearer.
That one there had a sword holding his up saying he a weapon bearer, and the man out in front has both.
That is what you will be one day, a man with both the sword and shield.
He will not know until I tell him what you are, so holding the weapon would normally be a threat.
I will not allow him to see you as a threat, in no circumstances will you remove your hand from your sword.
Make your father proud today, show King Atmos a weapon bearers son.
King Rekkan of the Fire Realm sat atop his camel in front of his palace.
He wore his black tight leather clothes that would not catch aflame when he used his magic.
The fire imbued armor he possessed was nothing more than earrings, rings, and bracelets.
The king had more piercings than any other person in the kingdom and carried enough adornments to fill them all.
The pieces of armor were safely tucked away in his belt pouch, there was no need to be angry until the battle arrived, if it did arrive at all.
The white strip of cloth he wore as a hat was soaked with water to keep the head cool, it had a cloth veil to keep the sand from getting into his nose, mouth, and eyes.
The veil hung down against his chest letting everyone see his face.
The ocean breeze provided a cool wind that swept through the open arches and balconies of his palace.
His realm palace was different than any other realms in that it did not provide protection from invading armies.
In order to come into the Fire Realm palace you would have to pass through one hundred leagues of barren desert.
If you had the army and supplies to accomplish that you should be given the palace without a fight.
The only doors in the palace were to the throne room and to the king personal rooms, and these were seldom closed.
Every other door had silk curtains that made the room private.
If you are country had enough boats you could sail to the Fire Realm but the edge of the land was a steep cliff that rose hundreds of hands from the waves that crashed below.
Stairs and docks were built into the sides of these cliffs that allowed boats to dock and fishermen to climb up and down.
The stairs also had built in buckets and pulleys for providing water to the city.
He had already said his goodbye to his wife and received his final instructions from her.
She now was watching from the balcony far above.
King Rekkan was following his wife orders to seek out King Atmos of the Earth Realm to return with wizards to complete the water canal the Queen mother had started.
The Fire Realm king was more of a weapon than a ruler.
His wife would rule the land and was often chosen for their ruling abilities.
He was the third husband to this aged queen and he was far from her own age.
Only men were allowed to posses imbued materials, keeping the anger of the fire magic contained to one sex.
If a wizard was born a woman, her husband to be would submit himself to his mother in law command, so that no man was in charge of running a house.
Men were submissive to women in all areas except for battle.
King Rekkan was the best warrior in the land and had caught the respect of the queen.
The queen used her husbands like tools and when they were aged or battle worn she discarded them for a new tool to be used up.
King Elick Rekkan was a mild tempered man that had learned to use the sword at an early age.
His temper made him able to handle more fire magic than most of his peers, earning him the right to be the queens third, but probably not last husband.
The next few weeks would not only be dangerous due to traveling the waste lands, but could be dangerous just traveling with other fire wielders.
The king did not believe he would return from his mission.
He could only trust a handful to obey his commands at all times, and all were veterans reaching their grizzled old age.
Most of the men should have been retired long ago, but these were the best at their craft.
They were slowly forming ranks in front of him, some on camels and some hitching wagons to horses.
He knew not to provoke men who possessed fire imbued armor or weapons.
These men before him had more than just fire, some had trinkets of every element.
He had selected the group because of their ability to handle multiple types of magic.
He had twenty men before him, ten armor bearers in two groups being led by three weapon bearers.
His personal adviser was a fire wizard, and had two other wizards for controlling the weapon bearers.
Some of the men had practiced day and night under the close discretion of the fire wizards, and they could control their anger better than normal men.
Others were provided the last of the Fire Realm water imbued items so that they suffered no detrimental effects from the wielding fire magic.
Still some fingers sparked and some caught fire on random parts of the bodies.
Others looked at those men apprehensively.
The king task was simple in design.
He was to travel across the desert to the Earth Realm and seek out King Atmos.
He was to request the construction of the water canal from Lake Leviathan be resumed.
He was to give no apologies for the death of King Atmos father wizards of past whom had started the construction.
He was told not to give any gifts or payment for the project.
The queen knew that payment had already been made.
The journey would be long and arduous, traveling over multiple dunes of sand that gives way with every step.
Temperatures would soar during the day and plunge to icy cold during the dead of night.
The beasts along the way would be relentless.
Most would be poisonous with the slightest touch.
Elick had planned for this, they would not need to bring large amounts of water because the water bearers could pull it from the ground along the way.
He would travel at night to keep the cold from seeping into their bodies and to keep from traveling in the sunlight.
It would all be worth it when he finds his best man, Max waiting for him at the border to the Earth Realm with a report.
The sun started to set on the horizon.
Wives said goodbye to their husbands, giving them the order to return safely.
Elick gave a series of short whistles signaling the start of the journey.
He led his camel from the palace steps and slowly rode out of the gated pavilion.
He did not look back for a final wave to the queen.
It was a marriage of duty and not of love.
Kilen new hard soled leather boots echoed in unison down the marble hallways with the marching guards carrying Kara on a litter behind him.
His left hand rested on his sword and his helm was tucked under his right arm, his hand cramped because he gripped it so hard in nervousness.
He flexed his fingers as the company rounded every corner approaching the throne room.
Tapestries lined the halls, depicting battles and heroes from the past.
Guards stood at each doorway in polished armor.
None moved to block the way with Brent leading the procession.
Finally as they approached two large oak doors a guard stopped Brent, May I announce you, councilmen.
Brent nodded and he glanced at the others.
How shall I announce your companions.
You shall announce only me the others are not of importance, Brent was tired of the formalities and spoke harshly to the guard.
The guard bowed his head and backed into the throne room where his voice could be heard loudly announcing Brent from the other side.
Brent flowed into the throne room not waiting for the guard to return back outside.
When Kilen entered he was struck with awe at the open space inside a building.
He thought that the whole city of Humbridge could be fit inside this one room.
The hall was lined with massive metal pieces meant to fit grotesque animals.
Kilen looked on three sets of armor sitting on top of stuffed house cats that were positioned in poses with claws splayed.
Joahna spoke inside his head before he could catch himself, I helped make that one.
Kilen smiled on the inside feeling Joahna chastise himself for violating his own rules about not speaking.
Kilen focused his attention back to the front as he was getting close to making out the features of King Atmos.
The King stood behind a large oak table covered in maps, reports, and scrolls.
On another table a map of the entire Earth Realm and Water Realm was laid out and small wooden flames and stones were placed on top of it.
A man with quills and charcoal markers moved about the maps and made markings upon both tables until the King dismissed him.
An elderly man in a long green robe stood next to the King, reading a scroll over and handed it to the king.
He wore a gold tassel draped over his shoulders and smiled at Brent as he approached.
Kilen realized that this was First Wizard Calvin, and Brent is father.
Besides dismissing the man making markings on the map, the King made no indications that he saw them approaching.
King Atmos was a large man with red hair and a full matching beard.
His armor was polished to a perfect shine and looked as if it had never been in a battle before.
When he looked up, his piercing green eyes made Kilen misstep and almost fall down.
At the same time, Brent went to one knee and Kilen natural path from tripping took him to one knee as if it might have been on purpose.
Councilman Brent reporting as ordered, milord, Brent said as reverently as Kilen had ever heard him speak.
The room was silent as Atmos moved to his chair behind the table and read from the scroll he had been given.
He read the scroll entirely, making everyone heart beat a little faster at the anticipation.
Tell me who this arrow maker from the moon is.
I have been puzzled by it for days, Atmos smiled as he finished the sentence.
My king may, I present Master Crescent from Humbridge Township.
He makes the finest arrows in the Water Realm.
I am told that he marks his arrows with a crescent moon shape, giving the arrows the name Crescent Arrows.
Bowie raised from a kneeled position and moved to stand beside Brent.
The king stood up from his chair which was made large enough to fit him and his armor comfortably.
The King stood before Bowie and looked him up and down.
This youngster can not be Master Crescent.
He has not had enough time to master any craft such as making arrows.
Bowie spoke before anyone else had time to make a rebuttal, Many peddlers have said much the same.
They missed out when the next peddler sold my arrows at a price well above any he could get a hold of.
I am Bowie Crescent and I have a knack for making arrows.
If you do not believe I will ask you to try one for yourself.
The king took a moment to appraise the boy in fancy clothes before holding out his hand.
Well let is see one of these so called crescent arrows that you so masterfully make, and let me see that bow also.
Bowie handed him the first arrow his hand landed on being confident in all his arrows.
He pulled the bow from around his body and checked the string before handing it to the king.
I would have thought that a master arrow maker would have a better bow than this.
Most of the arrow makers I know use only Keltan made bows.
That bow is Keltan, milord, Bowie corrected and then immediately lowered his eyes.
Kilen thought wryly, So he can be out lorded and it only took a king to do it.
Boy this bow is fine work but it is not Keltan made.
Their bows are grown by Earth wizards that have become master fletchers.
They grow their arrows and their bows.
This was not made in Keltan.
It would not have these age lines here.
If I happen to remember right, there was a peddler caught for passing off goods of high quality and trading them for cheap prices.
Nonetheless, a master fletcher should have been able to tell me what type of bow this is.
I believe this was made in north Melcran, where they have lots of yew, but no wizards preside there to make Keltan quality bows.
Atmos knocked the arrow and pulled the string tight to his cheek and let the arrow fly hitting a wood stand for paintings some seventy five feet away.
The arrow stuck into the center of the wood and landed with a solid thunk.
Well that is a fine arrow.
OIt flew straight and did not wobble in the air.
I think I could use more craftsmen of your quality whether or not you are Master Crescent.
I offer you a position making arrows for my army.
Bowie breathed deeply before taking his bow back, I will have to decline then sire.
I was hoping for a chance to become an archer in your army instead.
I have some skill in archery, if you would like to see.
There is no need boy.
Captain Lorusk, when we are finished here you will take this boy into your company to be tested and trained as an archer.
Boy, if you wish to survive in my army you had best teach others to make that quality of arrow to help better protect yourself.
I will do my best to prove myself worthy, sire, Bowie bowed deeply and moved over to stand behind the Captain near the room wall.
Now that my curiosity is satisfied, let us hear your report on the Fire Realm Wizard Parker, Atmos retook his seat.
Brent cleared his throat, I have found very little of any evidence of travel by the Fire Realm, other than the movements in Gulrich.
I found a trail burnt into the land leading out to the south towards the Fire Realm.
The path stayed just outside of visibility of the populace, as we expected.
No lords or mayors reported any activity concerning the Fire Realm.
The encounter at Gulrich was dealt with.
There was one wizard and one armor bearer.
Kilen, the weapon bearer before you, and Master Crescent were able to eliminate them and bring back this bracer.
Kilen did not lift his head from his still kneeling position and cringed at the attention being placed upon him.
Brent held out the fire bracer before him and the Captain moved to hand it to the King, who rolled it over in his hands before questioning Brent.
I was written to by the Mayor of Basham that you subdued a fire wizard there after they almost burnt a tavern to the ground.
That fire wizard is the one in the litter.
Her name is Kara.
I happen to come upon her awakening and put out the fire to subdue her.
The event took most of the rest of my energy to accomplish.
So it was one of the Water Realm own and not the Fire Realm that damaged Basham.
Atmos turned to Calvin, We can remove that pin from our map of attacks.
Turning back to Brent, Fine tell me of this girl.
The wizards name is Kara, she is from Humbridge and was being accompanied by Master Crescent and Kilen during her awakening.
I had not enough energy to maintain her under newly awakened conditions, so I imbued Kilen blade so that he would help me bring her here.
They have graciously agree to join your army in order to pay for her training in the fire house.
Brent awaited the King next set of questions.
Kilen held his breath and waited for the King to speak.
Everything was going as planned, and better than expected.
I will accept them both into the army in one fashion or another but a weapon of that stature does not need to be handled by an untrained child.
Captain Lorusk you will be the blade new owner.
Please come and take the weapon.
Lorusk quickly stepped up to Kilen as he rose from his kneeling position.
Kilen reeled at the thought that his father blade would be taken from him.
The determination of the earth magic to keep his father blade leapt to the fore front of his mind.
The fog started to reduce the room visibility.
The ground shook ever so slightly before being stopped by a wall of earth magic.
Kilen blue and gold swirling eyes looked from king to Wizard Calvin whose eyes were a dark green and watching Kilen fiercely.
The Wizard Advisor was the magic wall that kept the room from shaking down on top of them.
Brent stepped in front of Kilen, No one is taking your blade from you.
Remember to control the magic Kilen.
Do not let it control you.
I told you we would have to talk about the blade and your father.
Please let me do that.
Feeling a small relief of stress leaving after Brent is words, Kilen let the fog go and stopped pushing against the wall of Calvin magic.
His eyes still swirled green, blue, and gold.
The King face had turned red in anger and he placed the bracer he still held down on the table next to him.
Atmos unclenched his jaw at Kilen obvious display of defiance.
If you imbued the blade under my direct orders not to then the blade is mine, Wizard, Atmos shouted at Brent.
My king, the boy blade was his fathers and was imbued by your First Wizard himself.
When I imbued the blade I did not know that it already contained an earth mark, Brent said pleadingly to the king.
The grayed wizard stepped forward, Which blade did I imbue.
Whom was the owner of the blade, that thinks so highly of himself to receive the privilege of gaining magic from me.
All of the men turned to look at Kilen, who was still trying to keep his determination from forcing himself not to fight his way from the room with his blade and rings intact.
My father was a scout to you, he stuck his chin in the First Wizard direction.
I have heard many stories of your heroism, but I see none now.
The last bit Kilen chastised himself for.
It was pure magic speaking the harsh words.
The chastisement helped him to unclench some of his muscles and relax.
I apologize my lord, the determination creeps up on me now and then.
Back under control Kilen dropped his chin to his chest as if he were being yelled at by his father.
The king ignored his words, Your father name boy, what is it.
His name is Dylan.
He was a scout for Wizard Calvin when the Water Realm fell to your fathers hand sire.
Calvin spoke in astonishment, Your father was Dylan Everheart.
The king and wizard approached Kilen, Calvin taking Kilen chin in hand, looking at him with much scrutiny until they found what they were looking for.
He is Dylan son, the wizard spoke first and the King nodded his head reluctantly.
The blade belongs to him by wizard law my lord, passed from father to son.
The king nodded in agreement, seemingly disappointed in losing an elemental blade.
The wizard moved close to the King and spoke quietly into his ear.
Brent spoke before the King could react to his father words, My king, I did not know that his blade already contained one mark when I imbued it.
I have already spoken to Kilen and he told me that he relinquishes his rights to land and lordship that is involved with two marks on the blade.
He wishes to be only a weapon bearer and to be trained as his father was, to be a scout in your army.
The king rubbed his chin, looking between Kilen and Brent before speaking, If he wishes to be a scout he will have to pass all the training just like any other.
If he fails to be of use to me in my army as a weapon bearer, he will agree to give up the blade in exchange for payment of his sisters training.
He is my weapon bearer and as such I agree to the terms fore set, on condition that if he should fail he be allowed to keep his two earth rings.
I request that he be trained and treated as a weapon bearer throughout that training as it is his inheritance.
Brent anxiously awaited the King answer, sticking his hands into the sleeves of his robes.
Capitan Lorusk, I apologize I am not able to give you the blade that I was hoping to.
I know you already process a single water and earth armor already, until I can obtain the proper weapon for you will you accept this fire bracer instead.
Before the captain could speak Calvin spoke to the king, Actually, under wizard law that bracer still belongs to Brent as his weapon bearer took it from the defeated enemy.
It would belong to Kilen but he was not fully trained and therefore cannot obtain anymore elements until he can control what he has.
After his display of earth and water here I would say that he has not fully mastered his current elements.
Brent kneeled before the king, The bracer I give willingly to you king, as a token of apology for the imbuement of Kilen blade before I had inspected it.
It is a start, Wizard Parker.
You had better hope this boy proves worthy of the blade.
King Atmos handed the bracer to Captain Lorusk, Take the arrow maker from the moon and get him settled with the other arriving trainees.
Captain Lorusk slammed his fist against his chest and Bowie bowed deeply before they departed out a side door of the throne room.
Guards, take the girl to the fire house.
She is not an enemy.
Kilen moved to his sister and kissed her feverish forehead before they carried her away, then stroked the blue ribbon hanging from his sword between his finger and thumb.
The king sat in his chair once more, waiting for the room to be clear.
I suppose that you would like me to disregard his town taxes for the year because he has chosen to volunteer.
Kilen took note of the King not addressing him personally, but spoke anyways.
There has already been a volunteer from Humbridge, my lord.
Twilix came and imbued my rings while she was there.
King Atmos spoke in an authoritative voice, it echoed throughout the massive arches.
Kilen, the trainers you will study under will not all be elemental bearers or wielders.
You will treat them as if they bear magic in each of their own skills.
You will not disrespect any of my trainers or your training will be at an end.
You will pass one class a week without fail or your training will be at an end.
I will assign you a mentor, as you will be a weapon bearer.
If you disobey him or can not perform the tasks he requests, your training will be at an end.
If your training ends, your sword will be mine, but I will continue to watch over your sister until she can return to you.
Do you agree to these terms, Kilen.
I agree my king, Kilen said without hesitation.
Good.
Brent you will take Kilen and seek out Jace.
He will be his mentor.
While you are taking him, stop by the traitor bowls and let him know the fate that befalls traitorous magic users.
Dismissed.
Bowie rushed to keep up with the long legged Captain Lorusk.
He did not know how the man could move so fast with all the armor on.
Then he remembered to look at the Captain shoulder.
There a shield pin held his cloak in place.
Captain Lorusk was an armor bearer, Bowie knew that was where his extra strength came from allowing him so move so fast.
Lorusk lead him through the winding halls and out a door opening into a vast field behind the castle.
The west wall is where the soldiers and trainees live.
I would avoid the soldiers until you finish your training and can reside there yourself.
If you pass your training, Lorusk chuckled.
On the east wall is the armor and weapon bearer barracks.
You will stay away from there unless you are summoned by one.
On the north wall you will find the classrooms for the entire training that you will receive.
You will want to have a look around so that you are not late for your classes.
All around the grounds are the training fields.
You should be able to find which field you are supposed to report to by the type of weapon laying in the racks around them.
Lorusk kept up his grueling pace through the training fields and towards the trainee barracks.
They passed close to four large black steel pots with lids.
Each of the pots had a large tower and pulley system surrounding it.
One of the towers was considerably larger, towering three hundred feet into the air.
What are those for.
Bowie slid to a stop, almost bouncing into the Captain as he suddenly turned around.
Towering over Bowie, he spoke in a low voice over grinding teeth.
What are those for, CAPTAIN.
You will show proper respect to superior officers or they will teach you respect.
This is your one and only warning.
Captain Lorusk was red in the face and looked as though he would like to give the lesson to Bowie himself.
He wiped a small amount of spittle from his lip before speaking again, Those are the traitor bowls.
They are for executing wizards, armor, and weapon bearers that are traitorous to the king.
I would not worry about those too much if you want to be an archer.
Only one archer has ever become an armor bearer in the history of the Earth Realm.
You will have no reason to fear the bowls.
Instead fear the hangman noose.
With that, Lorusk spun back around and started his quick paced walk.
Bowie was glad that the captain had not put on the fire bracer he held in his gloved hand.
He was in a bad enough mood already.
It occurred to Bowie as they walked that the captain had taken a circuitous route instead of leading straight to the trainee barracks.
Led along the line of soldier barracks, Bowie found out why very quickly.
Soldiers that were outside talking or training began to laugh and remark about Bowie bright yellow outfit.
He got several invitations to dance and sit on the soldiers laps while they drank at the local taverns.
A group of archers that were either very poor shots, or too drunk to hit the target were standing in a small groups of five to seven.
They all started to point and laugh at Bowie.
One man started to say how he would like to train Bowie and hold him close to help steady his aim.
Bowie was getting a little red in the face and was wondering if it truly did match his hair color, like his dad had always claimed.
He eyed the targets past the men and waited until he had the rhythm of Lorsusk boots hitting the ground to cover his shot.
Very quickly, he reached up and pulled an arrow from his quiver, knocked it and shot into a group of men.
They all threw themselves onto the ground and the whole line of archers started shouting to the captain.
Slowly the archers took notice of Bowie red feathered arrow that lay amongst the far targets on the field.
Captain Lorusk turned to see what the men were shouting at, but they all had fallen silent in fear or in shock at the well placed shot.
Bowie again continued to walk until he skidded to a stop nearly running into Lorusk.
The captain looked from the men and back to Bowie, oblivious to the arrow down range.
Get back to work men.
You will have enough trainees to intimidate in a couple weeks.
Until then, it looks as though you need more training yourselves.
The men slowly started to get back to shooting arrows.
Bowie smiled at Lorusk back as he took up walking again.
They approached a wood building with small slats for windows along all three stories.
Lorusk pointed at the front door, Inside should be the barracks sergeant.
He will get you a room to stay in while you are trying to become a soldier.
Bowie did not know what Captain Lorusk had against new trainees but he spoke as respectful as he could anyways.
AYE AYE, Captain.
Bowie headed in to the barracks and found that they were not really rooms but stalls with shelves on the dividers.
Each stall contained nothing but straw for sleeping and a shelf that, while sitting on the ground, would allow you to write somewhat comfortably.
Bowie had no reason to stick around.
He put his belongings in his stall and left to explore the town and find a tall ale.
Kilen walked to the side and slightly behind Brent as they passed through the halls and out the back door to the castle.
Outside was a vast training ground.
Brent immediately pointed to four large steel structures out in the middle of the area.
Those are the traitor bowls.
I will meet you over there in a few moments.
Kilen made his way to the bowls, but glanced over his shoulder to see Brent talking with a guard.
The guard saluted and ran off to complete the orders he had received.
Excuse me, he said as he caught up.
I had to send for Jace.
He is to be your mentor.
He is my father best scout, so you listen to what he says.
Now then, these are the traitor bowls.
Each one is meant for the execution of a wizard or elemental wielder that betrays the king.
The traitor or accused traitor will receive a trial, and if found guilty of treason they will be placed in the bowl according to their elemental power.
For instance, If I committed treason I would be placed in the water bowl.
Each bowl has its own way of torturing their victims before they die.
The earth bowl has small pipes that allow the bowl to be filled with sand once the wizard is inside.
The sand will eventually suffocate the wizard inside, thus killing the wizard with his own element.
The fire bowl is half filled with oil while the unconscious fire wielder is inside, when they wake up they use the fire to find where they are at and ignite the oil inside.
The oil will not kill them, but it will burn all the oxygen up inside and cause them to, once again, suffocate.
The wind bowl was harder to imagine.
The wind wielder is placed inside and the lid secured.
Then the bowl is lifted all the way to the top of this tower and dropped.
The wizard inside will feel what it is like to fall without the wind to catch them.
I do not have to tell you how they die.
Kilen swallowed the lump that was growing in his throat.
The water bowl was a little bit harder to construct.
At first it was filled with water.
The idea was to drown the wielder, but the smart wizard they first tried it on used the water to move bubbles of air to him inside allowing him to breathe indefinitely.
So they created a wax seal around the edge of the bowl to prevent moving air in with water.
The engineers came up with the idea that since water is everywhere they would use the opposite of water to kill the wizard.
So now they fill the bowl with oil, separating the wizard from his element for the first time in their lives.
The result is drowning by oil.
These are sickening.
Why are they in the middle of the training grounds.
Should not they be kept somewhere out of sight.
Kilen turned away from the bowls, thinking about suffocation with no light, no sun, and no one to comfort him in his last moments.
With the feeling of eyes watching him, he began to feel the emotions from behind the eyes.
The emotions of the voices built in anger also.
He held onto their feelings, hoping to learn more about them.
The latching on to the men inside his head was the distraction he needed not to lose his stomach.
Brent laid a hand on Kilen shoulder, The King keeps them here as a constant reminder of what happens to those who become traitors.
The emotions of the voices in his head shrunk away at Brent is light touch.
A man a little shorter than Kilen walked up to Brent.
He wore light brown pants and a white wool shirt covered by a green traveling cloak.
He wore two short swords crossed on his back with pommels sticking out above his shoulders.
The man saluted Brent with his fist to his chest, Scout Jace reporting as ordered, Councilmen.
By introduction Kilen knew that this man was supposed to be his mentor, but Kilen was unimpressed with the man.
He looked like an everyday farmer that found a couple of swords to carry around.
It is good to see you Jace.
Unfortunately I have no time to catch up with you today.
I have received instructions from Calvin and the King that you are to be this young man mentor.
I would like you to meet Kilen.
He is a second generation blade and armor bearer.
Do not hold that against him.
His father was Dylan Everheart and former scout to your wizard.
Jace appraised Kilen closely then nodded to him.
Kilen is untrained other than a few short lessons that he received along the way.
I am confident that he can fill you in on what he has been able to learn so far, and what he lacks in knowledge.
You should be pleased to know that he has ambitions of being a scout.
Please teach him well.
I will do my best with what my mentor has given to me in a son.
Kilen, it is a pleasure to meet you.
I last saw your father about fifteen years ago.
He was my mentor in these same training grounds, I hope I will do him honor in training you.
Brent grasped Jace hand, I will leave you to care for him then.
I have other matters I must attend to.
He will need a place to stay in the wielder barracks.
I will send more instructions for you, Jace as I receive them.
With a nod of acceptance, Brent turned to leave going towards the door they had come from.
Come on then, I just got in this morning and I have things I need to tend to also.
Jace started towards the wielder barracks at the eastern wall of the training grounds.
Those are the soldier and trainee barracks.
Stay away from them as much as possible.
They will be confused by your weapon.
You bear no shield and sword on your cloak so they will not know how to treat you.
Along that back wall there are the classrooms for the training you will receive.
Do you have any particular skills.
I went to school learning everything up until the day of the Springfest that just past.
Kilen handed the book he had been making to Jace, who promptly started flipping through the pages.
I know map making, history, war tactics, mathematics, and I can read and write Sir.
Jace stopped in his tracks and looked around then stepped close to Kilen.
Do not call me sir.
You attract unwanted attention to me.
Most people do not know who or what I am.
From this day forward I am Jace, not sir or lord or master.
If I give you an order you will make it sound like you thought of it first, and were going to do it anyway.
When you are a fully trained scout you will want the same treatment.
Do you understand.
Kilen indicated that he did, Good.
Rule number one of being a scout, there are spies and traitors everywhere.
Always be cautious and alert.
Jace stared into Kilen eyes, making sure he understood before flipping through the book again.
Id say you can write and draw too.
I think you might have made a better scholar than the one the library holds here.
I see that you know these sword forms and can draw them, but are you any good at the sword.
I was never allowed to handle the sword, or a stick shaped like a sword in play.
I started to learn in Keepers.
That is where I learned what I have put in the book.
Jace looked up briefly before continuing to flip through the pages.
Lots of good information about poisons, cooking, and herbs in this book.
If you can memorize these then you will not have a problem with testing out of those classes.
I will need to get you some help to get you caught up on the weapons training.
When you start your training you will need to pass as many classes as you can as quickly as you can so that we have time to train you in the sword and magic.
Until I can get the private instruction you need, you will be on your own to get acquainted with the training grounds and the rest of the city.
Some of the instructors, including myself are a little unorthodox in our training.
They walked up to a stone building with oak doors and small, barred windows.
A small man came out and came straight to Jace.
Jace, will it be the same accommodations as normal.
Actually, I will not require a room this time.
They have me in the instructor portion of the castle again.
I have come to show this man where he will be living while training here.
This is Kilen Everheart.
Add him to your roster.
I will do that.
Master Kilen, I will have room seven open for you.
If you will come with me I will get you a key.
If you have a horse, I will have it brought around and placed in the stables behind this building.
Kilen looked at Jace and then replied, Actually it is just Kilen, if you would.
Thank you for the room.
Jace started to back away, Kilen remember my instructions.
I will send for you if I have any appointments or information for you.
Until then, continue your work.
He tossed Kilen his book back before turning to walk away.
Kilen followed the small, fat, balding man inside the barracks.
There was a small room with a pallet where books were on shelves labeled with the room numbers.
The fat man handed him a key marked with the number seven, My name is Ted.
If you need anything, or require any information I will do my best to accommodate your request.
Thank you, but I think I would just like to rest a while, Ted.
My things should be brought around from the front.
If you can make sure that they get here, I would be appreciative.
Kilen made his way to room seven and unlocked the door.
Inside was a bed with an actual mattress, a trunk, wardrobe, small writing desk, and a washstand.
Kilen unlatched his armor and set it in the trunk before washing his face.
Without unstrapping his sword or even taking off his boots he fell into bed.
The voices in his head even seemed to relax a small amount when he finally closed his eyes and went to sleep.
Not yet, wait until I tell you it is ok, was all he heard, but he could not tell if it was dream or reality.
When Kilen woke up he felt rested until he moved to find a pain in his side He had slept on his sword.
He was so tired that the pain had not woken him.
He realized that this was the first time he had slept without actually touching the blade to his skin and using the magic to revitalize himself.
A smile crept onto his face.
He was reminded of the promise he made to Sergeant Wells.
He moved about the room searching his bags that had been brought in during the night.
A covered dish also had been brought in and was sitting on his writing desk.
Kilen changed into a set of new trousers and wool shirt that was laid in his wardrobe.
The food gave off a wonderful smell and Kilen ate greedily after putting on his clothes.
Finally Kilen looked out the window and saw that it was late morning, probably around nine oclock, he thought.
He decided that since he had nowhere else to be he would finish touching up his book.
He made a few finer details to pictures, and made new drawings that he could not do while on horseback.
Kilen pulled out some polish for his boots and armor.
Finally, he found himself with a tidy room with nothing left to do but look at himself in the mirror.
That is exactly what he did.
Using the stool from the desk, he sat in front of the mirror looking into his own eyes searching for the other men behind them.
I can hear you and I know you can hear me.
He looked around feeling a bit strange talking to voices he was not sure where actually there.
I want you to know that whatever this is we are in this together.
You are only way out, is to help me find a way to get you out.
If you are even real, he added actually talking to himself this time.
He felt some anger build up inside of him.
He knew that it was Max.
He associated the feeling of anger with the voice.
He could now tell the difference between the two men.
Max was quick to excite and become angry, while Joahna was steadfast and calculating.
Max, I am trying to help you.
I want you out of my head.
The anger was quickly replaced with a small amount of fear, but still the voices remained silent.
Staring into the mirror, looking in his own eyes for about an hour Kilen became very stiff, and had accomplished nothing.
He decided he would have to find another way to approach the situation or find someone who could help.
He wanted to find someone that was of the Fire Realm to see if the two men he and Bowie had killed were named Max and Joahna.
Kilen looked out the window, all the work had kept him busy until noon.
He searched his bags and found a green jacket.
He stepped out into the hallway and locked the door.
Ted was in his office at the end of the hall going over the ledgers on the shelves.
Kilen thought it was never too early to start making friends.
Good morning Ted.
Kilen, Id thought to come in to wake you up.
I am glad to see you up and around.
A servant was here a while ago demanding to see you at once.
He wrote you a note.
I told him I would pass it along.
He brought your things and I placed them in your room.
Kilen looked at the note and saw it was signed by Leroy.
Thank you.
If that particular servant comes around looking for me again, please let him in.
Even if I am not here.
He is a personal servant to me and has some skills that I need daily.
Do you know where I can find him at this hour.
He looked to be dressed for the kitchen.
They usually send new ones off to learn their place under Master Horval, the chef in the castle.
Kilen tossed Ted a gold crown from his purse, Ted I ask a couple favors of you.
All you have to do is name it and I will see it through, Ted bit the crown to see if it was made of real gold.
His expression was that he very satisfied with the coin.
First, if that servant comes by again please admit him to my room.
No reason will be necessary for his being admitted.
Second, I was wondering if you could let me know if someone comes around asking for me or if you hear any rumors about me.
Do not start any rumors mind.
Just keep an open ear.
It will be as you ask, I will report everything to you when you ask for it.
Kilen nodded in agreement as he walked out of the barracks onto the training field.
Men were in the fields practicing blades, archery, lancing, axes, and even a little boxing.
Kilen quickly made his way to the castle kitchens after asking some guards for directions.
He still got lost twice but was making mental notes on the way around the grounds.
When he arrived at the kitchen he looked again at Leroy note.
It simply said, Save me.
They think I am your personal servant.
Leroy Bradley.
Kilen tucked the note in his pocket and moved about the kitchen which was thick with smells of fresh bread and cooking meat.
Leroy ran around from the tub he was washing pots in.
His shirt was soaked despite the apron he had on.
His forehead was wet with sweat he promptly wiped it away at approaching Kilen.
Thank the Brights, I thought you would never get here.
Have you thought of an excuse yet to get me out of here.
Leroy was looking around nervously as though he were a deer surrounded by hunters.
Before he could answer a skinny, greasy man with shoulder long black hair gathered into a tail behind his head came whipping a ladle at Leroy shoulder.
Leroy jumped back out of the way.
This is the second time I have had to put you back to work, you skrag.
Do not bother this lord or I will have your hide flayed out and made into a new apron for the next skrag I have to whip into shape.
Go on, get back to work.
He waved his ladle above his head menacingly.
Finally Kilen broke into the chef rant, Actually, he was not bothering me.
He my personal servant and I have need of him this day.
Oh, you are his master are you.
Well Councilmen Parker said his master was a weapon bearer.
Show me your blade and you can do what you with this lazy dolt.
I do not have to prove myself to you Master Horval and I do not have time to argue.
Ted, my barracks sergeant said that I would find him here and it wasted me enough time waiting for him to arrive like I had ordered him earlier in the day.
Then I found out you had already taken him from my service and brought him back here to scrub pots.
You have no idea of his skills and I will not subject him to cleaning cooking pots or your insults.
III am sorry Mylord.
I did not know you had sent for him or I would have had him there very promptly.
I did not send for him.
He knows the regular schedule and he was supposed to come on his own.
He will be coming with me now, as it is too late for me to eat the meal he was supposed to prepare.
In the future if he tells you that I require his presence you will send him out to me promptly, with or without a messenger bringing you notice.
Is that understood Master Horval.
Yes, that is understood.
I ask that you provide a written schedule so that I may know when he would be normally leaving.
The house master keeps a close watch on servants and would like to know where Leroy has gone to at all hours.
Horval had stuck his ladle under his arm and now stood wringing his hand towel for something to keep his hands busy.
Kilen could not believe that he had become a person who would intimidate strangers at a whim.
He would have to rectify the relationship with the castles chef.
I will provide it as soon as I can.
With a new town and new training schedule we will have to make some adjustments over the next couple of weeks.
I am sorry at the lack of help you will have in the kitchen without him until then.
I would suggest that you provide him with less menial tasks next time.
You would be pleasantly surprised at his abilities in the kitchen.
Now if you excuse us, we have things to attend to.
With that Kilen turned his back and walked out the way he had come.
Leroy followed behind until they were both in the training grounds.
That was magnificent.
You put him in his place.
What excuse are you going to give me for keeping me out of his care.
Leroy was positively excited jumping sideways as he kept up with Kilen.
No excuses.
You will have to help me quite a bit.
I will need eyes and ears everywhere.
My mentor tells me there are spies and plots everywhere in this castle.
A silver dagger flipped out of Leroy sleeves and rolled across his fingers at the mention of spies.
Most of all, I need to have more of that tea you made us when we were on the road.
That kept me awake, alert, and able.
I will need all the help I can get to keep my strength up during the weapons and magic training.
Kilen, the tea was only one solution to your problem and only because I could not cook for a sustained period of time on the road.
I have plates that will put thick muscles on your bones without slowing you down.
Of course it will take some rare herbs.
We will have to go into town to get a supply ready.
I have salves and herbs to take for sore muscles and pains in the body, too.
If you have time to prepare those that would be helpful but not necessary.
I need other help also.
I need more training in herbs and cooking.
I need your expertise in knives for the next couple of weeks.
Whatever you can teach me would be helpful.
You visited me at my room in the wielders barracks.
Our house sergeant is named Ted.
From now on he will admit you to my room.
You are supposed to play my servant so you had better make an attempt to tidy up and keep my things in order.
Kilen felt like he was lecturing but he knew that it was necessary to lay out everything that he needed.
Leroy, I am truly grateful for everything.
If you find a moment in town when I send you for things or in my room to sleep a bit I would say it was well earned.
Is there anything else that I can arrange for you to have in my room for delaying time.
Leroy said nothing for a moment in deep thought.
If you do not mind, I would like to grow a couple plants in pots.
You like to grow plants.
Kilen had stopped walking when he realized what he had asked for.
It should have been a strange request for a boy of his age to grow plants.
Kilen thought growing plants was a past time meant for those finishing life rather than starting it.
Well, if I find the right type I would like to grow them and gather the seeds for my father.
I have heard they have rare plants here in the Earth Realm that we can buy cheaply this far in.
If I can bring them back to Keepers, my father would be very pleased with me.
Do not worry about payment.
Getting out of the kitchen is worth all the gold in your purse, he said smiling.
Where are we off to first.
You said we had some things to take care of.
I was hoping to get some of those herbs for the tea.
I also want to find Bowie and see how he holding up, and if he needs anything.
Sounds good, I saw an herb shop on the way to the castle had some fresh herbs growing in pots instead of being all dried.
The effects of herbs are more potent when they are fresh instead of dried.
I think we might be able to find what we need there, but it will probably be more expensive because it is fresh.
Kilen nodded in understanding at his friend.
He knew that Leroy would like to get back to chatting with Bowie and he needed a bit of the hometown feelings that exuded from his friends also.
Leroy began to take a piece of paper and charcoal from his pocket and jot down different types of herbs he would need with measurements for each beside them.
When they passed through the front gate to the castle Kilen had to guide him through the guards because he was so focused on his calculations of herbs.
Once through the gate Leroy lead the way through the noble quarters and finally to a corner shop with a sign that had a bunch of plants hanging by a noose painted on it in dripping red.
Leroy was right, the shops windows were covered in planters of every shape and size with green, red, and brown plants in each one.
When they walked through the door the shop smelled of dampness and depending on where you stood, a variety of spices.
Leroy started muttering under his breath in excitement at the different types of plants in the shop.
Kilen was mad at himself for leaving his book behind.
He would be able to make rubbings of the leaves for identification later.
Kilen heard shuffle of shoes approach from the back of the shop, and a sweet voice sing from behind the plants.
May I help you boys.
They rounded the corner to see a woman standing behind the counter in a brown dress that was tightened snugly in the back to bring in the waist and accentuate the chest that was already showing more cleavage than he had ever seen on a woman in Humbridge.
Her blonde hair was in a tight bun with a large wooden stick sticking out the side.
Her fingers were caked with dirt and her fingernails were worn down to the tip of her fingers.
She smiled at Leroy, whose mouth was hanging open until Kilen could nudge him with his elbow.
Leroy mouth seemed to have run out of saliva so Kilen spoke instead, We need to restock our supply of herbs.
My man here would like to purchase some for making tea and what not.
You better not be here for medicinal herbs to treat the nerves.
I get a lot of that from kids like you and I will not sell em unless I am to administer them myself.
She placed her hands on her hips and breathed deeply, getting agitated at them still standing there.
The action made her chest swell even more and that distracted Leroy even more.
When he noticed that she saw where he was staring, he turned bright red in the cheeks and promptly handed over the list of herbs.
She snatched up the note and took glances at it and back to Leroy as she read it out loud.
Some of these are very rare but I am able to help you.
What is it you are making with these.
The agitation seemed to leave her voice at the extensiveness of the herbs.
Leroy tongue was still stuck in his mouth, Kilen sighed.
I do believe that he is making me some kind of food for restoring strength and stamina.
I will be starting my training soon and need all the help I can get.
She looked over the list and nodded, Krechen Roast I think.
That is a Kaple recipe if I am not mistaken.
If he knows how to make that properly it should keep you healthy and strong.
She moved about the shop with a sort of floating grace, she picked leaves from plants without even looking up from the list.
How many other Kaple recipes does he know.
I know there are a few people that would love to try Kaple delicacies.
Uhm, I am not sure.
I am sure he could bring you some of the meals he makes me if you would like to try them milady.
The name is Izabel Grace.
This is my shop.
It looks like I will have all of what you need.
Let is weigh it out and I will let you know the price.
She rounded the back side of the counter and lifted the box off a small table revealing a scale and small weights.
She started placing on herbs and weighing them out.
Jotting down the cost, she worked in silence.
Finally Leroy decided to speak up and say something but it was the wrong time to speak up.
He reached across the counter to help with the herbs.
You are going to put on too much, he said before Izabel hand slammed the stick from her hair through his hand pinning it to the counter.
Surprisingly, the wood stick was just a handle for a long thin pin that was holding up her hair.
Leroy screamed and Kilen moved to take her hand from the pin.
Kilen did not see her produce a small curved dagger from somewhere on her tight dress and put the point under his chin.
Her hair had come out of her bun and now hung down to past the middle of her back.
She had the most intense look on her face and was glancing back and forth between a struggling Leroy and a distressed Kilen.
DO NOT TOUCH MY SCALE, was all she said accenting each word slowly.
She was now breathing hard which made her chest heave.
Leroy had no eyes for it now.
Leroy cried out to the woman still pinning his hand on the counter, Sorry I was trying to help.
She looked from both of them and pulled the pin from Leroy hand, letting him loose of the counter.
Blood had pooled on the counter and was now dripping from the boy hand as he tried to stop the bleeding.
In a flash, Leroy hands found a knife and pitched it.
The tiny silver blade knocking her blade away from Kilen chin.
Kilen quickly pulled his sword from his sheath and filled the room with fog almost instantaneously.
Stop this NOW.
he shouted to the room.
He heard a pot fall over in the way Leroy had gone and could feel Izabel moving through the fog with his water vision.
She was on the floor blindly searching for her knife.
I said stop.
We mean you no harm.
I want to apologize for my friend.
Kilen pleaded into the fog, as Izabel seemed to take a hold of his words and stopped searching.
Let the fog up weapon bearer and I will hear your apology.
Kilen let the fog go slowly and she rose and faced him from across the counter.
Leroy was still holding his hand, but now he was surrounded by a broken clay pot, soil, and some herbs.
I am truly sorry.
I am sure he had the most honest intentions.
I will pay for the broken plant, and add silver for your trouble.
Do not touch my scale again, was all she said looking from between them checking their eyes for understanding.
They both nodded, Leroy a little faster and in pain.
Kilen used his sword to seal shut the wound on Leroy hand.
He held it in front of his face and turned it to make sure it was whole.
Kilen helped him up and started to clean the mess.
Izabel stood behind the counter holding both Leroy knife and her own.
Fine assassin blade for such a poor servant is man.
Id say you have more skills than in just cooking.
She smiled and placed the blade on the counter, until Leroy snatched it back and flipped it back into his sleeve.
Finally when Kilen was done, she resumed weighing the herbs.
She was a little wearier of the two men in her shop and glance up at them frequently.
Finally she totaled the amount, four gold crowns.
WHAT.
That is not right.
Those herbs are nowhere near that price.
Leroy tongue had been loosed somewhere during the struggle.
For what damage and energy you have caused me today you will pay me that much or leave and never return.
But I tell you this much, you will not find all these herbs in all of Deuterium.
So pay the price or leave.
Kilen was just about to pay the price so that they could be on their way, but instead came up with an idea.
He closed his eyes and used the elements to reach out to all the plants in the room.
He pushed them and urged them to grow.
The aisles between rows of plants seem to shrink as all the plants burst with life filling the room with more pungent aromas.
Flowers bloomed and dropped seeds to the floor, the knives in Izabel hands followed soon after.
She covered her mouth as she turned to observe all the growing plants.
That I do for the damage to the store.
I will return next week for another growth to apologize for the energy you have to expend cleaning up.
Now I ask, is the price still the same as before.
Izabel stopped looking about the shop to face Kilen in wonder.
I do not know if I should make deals with such men.
You grew my plants only as a last resort and only after you have offended me.
She tapped her dirty fingernails on the countertop and stared at both of them.
I am going to cast lots for each of you to see if you are honest men.
She reached into the folds of her dress and pulled out a small pouch, dumping the contents onto the counter.
Then she scooped up the bones that had spilled out and looked into Leroy eyes.
He seemed to get nervous as she raised her face to the sky and rolled the bones out on the counter.
She narrowed her eyes as she examined the bones then spoke directly at Leroy, You are honest enough to deal with for now.
She rolled the bones again after looking at Kilen and once again raising her face to the sky.
She looked at the bones and at Kilen and back again.
Nervously she repeated the casting, and observed the bones lay in the same formation.
She gasped and reached under the counter to pull out a book with a violet cover.
She flipped through the pages and examined the bones.
Ca not be right, she said before scooping up the bones again and repeating the ritual.
Leroy and Kilen looked at each other then back at the bones that laid once again in the same formation.
That is impossible, Joahna said before retreating back into Kilen mind.
Kilen wondered if he would ever have a conversation with the people inside his head.
He did not need to worry them right now.
Right now he had to deal with a lunatic of an herbalist that could help them as easily as slit their throats.
I do not think that turning you away would be a good idea, now that I have cast the lots.
She seemed to ponder an argument in her own head.
Yes, I will charge you seven silver pieces and I will see you next week for another growth.
I will also like to cast lots with you again when you come back.
Take the agreement or leave.
Leroy spoke up first, We will take it.
We will see you in a week.
She put the herbs on the counter along with Leroy dagger whom very promptly tucked them all away in his various pockets.
Izabel seemed to take notice of his apron and she gave an approving smile.
They left the shop feeling a bit strange about the whole experience.
Kilen wondered what it was she had seen in the bones laid out on the countertop.
As they walked away from the storefront he searched the feelings coming from Joahna, confusion is the only emotion that he could feel.
If Joahna knew what the casting had told of him, Kilen felt the need to know as well.
Leroy was still examining his hand by opening and closing it, checking to see if the skin would break where the pin had pushed through.
Kilen was stuck in his own thoughts when he heard a familiar voice call up to him from behind.
Kilen, Leroy, wait up.
I am glad to see you guys.
Is not this town great.
Bowie jacket was undone revealing a plain wool shirt underneath.
He was still wearing the yellow accented clothes that he had been when in front of the king.
The clothes were a dead giveaway that he had not slept all night.
Kilen checked his stamina and refreshed his friend.
Then he slipped his rings on to keep himself from feeling tired.
Kilen just got me out of the castle so that we could explore, but after that herb shop I am not sure I will want to be visiting many more places here in town.
Leroy rubbed his hand, but Bowie paid him no mind as he put his arms around them.
He already reeked of the drink and Kilen was sure that since his energy was restored he would search out some more.
Hey, I already found a store that has two bows that are better quality than mine.
I had them put aside so that I could purchase them this morning.
You gents care to come along and see a bit of the town.
Kilen knew that he did not have anything else that he would rather be doing, so he nodded yes and they walked down the street.
Leroy told Bowie about the herbalist that had stabbed him only moments ago.
He wondered if Leroy would ever look at a woman chest again without seeing danger in her cleavage.
Kilen thought that it served him right for not treating women with more respect than he did.
Something in his head told him that Max and Joahna agreed.
Leroy young age made him susceptible to ogling beautiful woman, but if he was to encounter many more women like Izabel he would probably come to age quicker.
Bowie led the way down the street and around the corner to a fletcher shop where he bought the two bows and an extra quiver.
Kilen, I know how you shoot the bow and I am not sure you will be able to pass your class.
I thought I might help you a little before the training starts so that you are at least ahead in that area.
That is a great Idea, I could not ask for a better teacher in archery.
Just do not get any ideas about holding me close to you the way you taught Keri at home.
Both of them laughed so Kilen added, I will not be paying you with kisses either if that is your intention.
The three walked down the streets ignoring their surroundings as Bowie led them into an Inn.
Well maybe after you get a couple pints in you, you will loosen up, Bowie said, knowing Kilen would not drink.
His father had always told him it put a man guard down.
Bowie drank while Leroy ogled the barmaids and the minstrel played joyous music.
Kilen had a bowl of stew that the innkeeper called his specialty.
He did not think there was anything special about it.
The meat water tasted heavily of salt until Leroy put in a few herbs to spice it up.
Pretty soon three large men in soldier uniforms much like Kilen walked into the room.
They pointed at Bowie, who had his mug raised and was cheering on Leroy learning to dance.
That is him, he shot the arrow at us, one large one said as they crossed the room.
All three had bearded faces and carried a long knife in their belts.
They all had matching leather quivers at their hips, bristling with arrows.
They stood over the table glaring at Bowie, Hey recruit, you are supposed to stand when we enter a room.
Did not they teach you that.
Bowie finally set his mug down in recognition of the three men.
Oh, you have my arrow.
Did you come to return it.
Kilen thought he would interject, as his uniform marking him as at least the same rank as them might calm the situation.
Please sit, gentlemen and we will talk this over a pint.
Shut it boy.
We know you are not a full weapon bearer so do not try and order us around.
You might get the privilege of a full soldier, but I do not see any officers around to tell us apart.
Besides, our business is with the lordling here.
Oh I am no lord, I just have a better sense of fashion then some.
You might start taking my advice if you knew how far it would get you with the ladies.
What can I do for you, gentlemen.
Bowie took another big drink of his ale.
My friends here think that the shot you made was aimed at the target.
I say that the shot was meant for them.
So I want to see you shoot that bow again.
I will even let you use the same arrow as before.
He took the arrow in his hand near the head and slammed it into the table so that it stood sticking straight up.
The noise startled the minstrel and everyone in the room went.
Sure, no problem.
I was going to shoot some tomorrow anyways, Bowie barely got the words out before the man spoke again.
I have been looking for you since yesterday, you are going to show us right now.
I bet them two silver crowns that you would not even hit the target at that distance, he stood up chuckling with his friends with his fists now on his hips.
Ok, even though it is a little unfair, Bowie smiled at Kilen.
If it is a bet I might be able to fatten the pot if you would let me.
The man rubbed the scruff on his face before answering, Go ahead then, what is your wager.
I will wager two gold crowns that I can out shoot you and your two friends the best arrow of three shots each.
Bowie took another long drink of his ale while the men thought it over.
Leroy had come to stand behind Bowie.
Kilen saw him stealthily checking the blades tucked away in his clothes.
We will each bet a week pay, but we can not match your two gold crowns.
As you can see, we are just soldiers.
If you will take the bet, we will gladly accept your two gold, but if you are as good as you think you are it should not be a bet at all.
The man crossed his arms and smiled behind his furry mask.
Bowie tapped the now empty mug on the tabletop, You are right, I should have never asked such poor men to change their fashions.
I will still bet the two gold, but not against your week pay.
I want the archery range all to myself, for one hour each day before the regular training starts.
Can you arrange that.
The men looked at each other and the big man smiled and placed both hands on the table looming over Bowie.
Boy, I am John Curtain and I am one of the instructors for the range.
I will give you one range for two hours a day if you can beat all three of us.
Let is just see what you can do, my lord.
The three men turned and walked away.
Bowie smiled at Leroy and Kilen, plopped on his fancy hat, and started after them.
On the way back to the training grounds, John lackeys talked about how they were going to spend the money that they normally would not earn in a year.
Bowie said nothing but followed confidently behind them, sometimes tripping on the cobblestones as he walked.
Leroy and Kilen watched as Bowie fell onto his face.
BLOODY shadow walkers.
My jacket and pants are all covered in muck.
Bowie tried his best to wipe the dirt and manure from his pants as Kilen and Leroy helped him up.
Kilen was overcome by a strange feeling as if someone was watching him.
He turned around and saw a brown cloak disappear behind the corner of the alleyway.
He continued to look at the windows and at doorways lining the streets and found no one.
Kilen thought the mention of the shadow walkers might have flared his imagination into feeling something that was not there.
No, I felt it too.
Kilen was even more spooked to hear Max actually speak to him directly.
If these voices got much worse he would have to seek out help.
Use the water magic.
He still there.
Kilen was reluctant, but used the water vision as Bowie and Leroy started to continue on down the street.
Kilen had made his first mistake.
He had forgotten he did not have Brent to help him watch with the water vision.
He had let his guard down.
They continued down the street and Kilen took glancing looks back.
He did not see anyone following him but still felt someone.
Maybe it was the voices in his head he had felt.
He would not make the mistake of not using the water vision again and now he pushed it to his limits.
They continued on past the main castle gates and around to the side gate to the training grounds.
John two buddies made sure to mention the contest as they passed by.
Men went scurrying to the guard house.
A commotion was started and several men from the guard house went to other guard houses.
Coins were exchanged and Kilen knew that side bets were being made.
Men ran from barracks to barracks and soldiers came out, putting on jackets and getting coins.
Apparently, this was not the first time that John had been challenged.
The feeling of being watched followed even as they arrived deep into the grounds at the archery range.
Kilen looked around as Leroy steadied Bowie for the contest.
Bowie took an extra long time stringing his bow,.
He flexed it and checked the tension on the string.
The three other men did the same as Bowie approached the farthest shooting line from the target.
Who would you like to shoot first Master Curtain.
Bowie was sure to be respectful now that he knew this man was a superior officer.
John laughed, Well since this is my range and I should not have to prove myself.
You shoot first then I will let these two out shoot you.
If you are arrow remains closer after them, I will have my chance.
If they fire closer to the center then you get another try, until your three shots run out.
Bowie thought it over and knew that if he fired first it gave him no room to play around.
He would have to make his best shot in the beginning.
He nodded to John and gave him a curt, Yes sir.
At least he knows his place now.
The crowd started to laugh and that just encouraged Bowie to beat them that much faster.
Ten arrows was all that needed to be loosed for him to win.
Bowie very carefully on unsteady legs walked out farther from the target to where he was standing with Captain Lorusk the day before.
You said you did not believe I made the shot, so I will start here if you do not mind, Master Curtain.
Bowie stood awaiting the instructor orders.
Finally he nodded and Bowie knocked an arrow.
It took him three tries pulling the weight of the string before he was able to stable himself for the shot.
When the arrow loosed there was the distinctive thwack of the string, and the arrow landed in the center circle close to the center.
The crowd that had gathered became particularly quiet, Bowie said nothing but stood leaning on his bow to steady himself.
Well, you louts get over there and take your shots, Curtain ordered his two lackeys.
The first shot taken from them grazed the edge of the target but failed to stay in.
The others managed to hit the outside ring, and one lucky shot hit the ring next to the center circle.
With each shot tension grew in the crowd that had assembled to bet and watch.
Kilen had begun to scan the crowd for the source of the funny feeling that had followed him.
He found several men wearing brown cloaks and all had their hoods up.
Max practically shouted inside Kilen head.
There, that is the one that is following us, he said as Kilen eyes ran over a man near the back with his face hidden by the cloak hood.
Kilen wondered how Max could be so confident in which man it was.
As soon as the thought crossed his mind Max provided the answer.
A picture, no a memory flashed into Kilen mind.
A small tear in the corner of the cloak was identical to the one the man in the alleyway was wearing.
Max had noticed the tear even though Kilen did not.
He wondered how his mind could play such a trick on him, to provide false memories.
He was growing scared at the voice ability to draw his attention.
Kilen knew that he would have to ask Brent if any other magic users ever heard voices, but he would have to be subtle just in case.
He needed to be there to support his sister.
He did not want to sound like a lunatic.
It was his responsibility, as her family.
John had taken two shots, landing both on the target but neither close to the center.
Bowie still had two shots left.
The crowd now was getting anxious, waiting for John to hit center, thinking that he was just playing with everyone emotions.
John brow was now starting to sweat and his face was starting to turn red in frustration.
The instructor pulled the string, taking careful aim and loosing his third and final arrow.
The arrow struck the center ring inches closer to the target is middle.
The crowd cheered feeling now their money was safe taking a bet on the kingdom archery instructor.
Bowie nodded and took careful aim of his second shot and landed it between his first arrow and John.
The crowd cheered even more with Bowie only having one shot left.
Bowie knocked the arrow for his final shot and let it loose with not so much as a pause.
The arrow landed on the opposite side of Johns closer to the center.
The crowd went into a frenzy of shouts as John tried to calm them.
Bowie ignored them, leaning on his bow, smiling at the target.
He turned to Kilen and said, Looks like I have landed us a practice range for you.
Kilen had other matters to attend to.
The man who had followed him was now walking away at a steady pace.
Kilen did not want to give the man another chance to catch him off guard.
He pulled out his earth rings and placed the chain around his neck, tucking them into his shirt.
Then he ran off in the direction that the man had gone.
He found the man rounding the corner to a barracks.
When he caught up to him in the back near the large wall to the grounds the man leaped up and over the wall.
Kilen followed, but landed on the top.
The man in the cloak now stood on a back road to the town with no one else in sight.
The man had a short sword pulled free of its sheath.
Kilen also pulled his blade free, as he landed on the street a little farther down.
You have passed some tests, and others you have failed horribly.
The man pulled his hood back with his free hand.
It was Jace.
Jace sheathed his sword and stood waiting for Kilen do the same, Max relaxed in the back of his mind.
When he did, Jace approached, I have been following you all day, just like your father did to me when he first trained me.
Kilen was now struck with shock.
Jace was his father student and now was going to pass on that training to him.
It was as close as Kilen would get to being trained by his own father.
I was testing your abilities, self awareness, bravery, subtlety, and a few others.
Jace turned and walked away, waving a hand for Kilen to join him.
It is not your fault really, your sword gave you away.
I only had to ask a few people where the weapon bearer with no rank had gone.
Everyone sees the sword and wonders why you do not have a sword and shield pinned to your shoulders.
Once I did that I could have walked the same footsteps you did.
You did upset Master Horval a lot though, Jace laughed as though he had told a joke.
So what do I do to change that.
I was told to never take off the sword or leave my rings unguarded, Kilen said in rebuttal.
Like I said, it is not entirely your fault.
Although I would have thought you would have come to the conclusion yourself.
We need to get you a new sheath and cloak so that you do not stand out so much.
How was it you recognized me, anyway.
They winded the streets in Deuterium, Jace leading the way and Kilen blindly following.
I saw the tear in your cloak just as you rounded the corner in that alley.
Again at the range I was able to pick out the small tear as you left the crowd.
Kilen felt a bit of remorse for taking credit for Max look on that detail.
He justified it to himself that it was his head so it had to be his thought, and then wondered if it really was his own.
You have quick eyes then, and I will have to work on my stalking technique.
It will have to wait for another day before I teach you those tricks.
Each scout develops his own ability to stalk.
The good ones will never let you know they existed until you have a knife in your throat.
I was close enough to you three times today.
Once outside the herbalist is shop, once inside the Inn, and I will let you figure out the third.
By the way, the herbalist was casting lots at everyone that walked by her shop after you left.
I have never seen her do that before.
Jace shook his head as if he was having a conversation with himself.
In here.
Jace turned into a rickety old shop near the outskirts of the city.
The sign on the door was a animal hide and needle, a leather workers shop.
The place was covered in dust and the floor had not been swept in some time.
A frail old man sat behind the counter trying to push a needle through a water skin he was making.
Oy Mr.
Carvin, are you in need of water skin these days or just back to have another piece of leather fixed up.
Actually Andrew, I need a sword sheath for my friend here, something plain and a bit beat up if you have anything.
The frail old man looked Kilen up and down, Well let me see the sword then.
Ah yes a standard weapon bearer blade.
Probably thirty two inches I bet.
I think I have one in the crate over there.
The old man went and picked out a few and Jace pulled one out that had scuffs and nicks in it but was whole and sturdy.
That will hold up good for you, cost ya eight coppers.
Kilen threw him a silver piece and replaced the sheath he had.
The new one was broken in and comfortable.
He wondered if his father had actually ever worn the silver worked sheath he had replaced.
They bid good tidings to the old man and continued on through the town.
Jace talked as they walked.
You did well in some areas today.
You were very brave to chase me down.
You told me that you did not have any sword experience and yet you challenge a stalker in a back street by yourself.
Bold, brave, and stupid, if you ask me.
But you do have your father sense of flare.
If in the same situation in the future, be sure to move down the wall before jumping over.
If you jump over at the same spot I did, I could have been waiting for you to reach the top of the wall.
Kilen opened his mouth to defend himself in some of the areas Jace had mentioned, but Jace cut him off.
Listen, I do not mean to be so hard.
I wanted to see who you were, who you associate with, and how you conduct yourself.
I think training you will be less difficult now that I know a bit more about you without you knowing I was there.
Honestly, I did not expect you to notice me until days from now.
Jace smiled at Kilen, he knew that he had done well chasing after his stalker even though it was dangerous.
Here is a tailor I often go to.
Get a plain colored cloak, not too nice, and head back to the barracks to drop off your old sheath.
Then do what you need to finish for the day.
Water Wizard Twilix has asked me to have you come to the king gardens for training after dinner.
The castle guards should be able to help you find it if you need the help.
Do not be late for that or she will make her training worse.
Remember to be polite and learn everything you can.
Kilen noticed that Jace emphasized the word everything before he pulled his hood up and walked out away into the city.
Kilen did as he said and bought a plain green cloak that was a bit tattered at the edge from being cut wrong.
He had owned a few like this when he was growing up.
He put the cloak on and made his way back to the castle main gate.
The guards stopped him there.
He told them who he was and showed the elemental marks on the first few inches of the blade.
They admitted him without any other argument.
Kilen found himself walking towards the archery range, hoping to salvage a little time with Bowie and Leroy.
When he arrived, he found Bowie alone sleeping next to the stairs at his barracks.
Kilen tapped Bowie foot with his boot and Bowie shaded his eyes to look up.
Oh, good.
Hey I have got the range for two hours every morning until our real training starts.
If you come out there I will help you get better at shooting a bow.
That sounds great, Bowie.
I appreciate that a lot.
That shot you made there at the end was pretty sloppy, though.
I do not know if I want a teacher that makes a shot like that.
Will you be sober in the morning to help me.
Kilen smiled.
Even with Bowie drunk he was sure his friend would be a better instructor than any he could find here.
Bowie would put a lot of care into his instruction and it would be instruction Kilen could trust not to be sabotaged.
What do you think I was trying to do before you woke me up.
Now help me back to my room so I can get some more sleep.
Apparently you will not be the only one showing up for some training.
After you left some of the soldiers asked me to help them.
They said they would pay me.
I will not mind being the only one.
I am sure you will do a great job.
Kilen helped Bowie get to his feet and took his arm around his neck to help take the weight as they shuffled into the barracks.
Kilen laid Bowie down and turned to leave.
That bow there in the corner, I bought for you.
Take it with you.
I do not have very much room in this stall to store things.
Bowie was right.
His stall was packed already with clothes, saddle bags, fletching supplies, and a peg made just for his hat and feather.
Bowie had been busy it seemed.
Kilen picked up his new bow, a set of strings, and quiver with a dozen of Bowie arrows inside.
He turned to leave and already heard Bowie snoring.
He walked across the training field.
With his hood up he was ignored, unlike days past.
The talk around the grounds was how an archery instructor had gotten bested by a recruit.
Kilen looked at his new bow and was amazed at its excellent quality.
He never imagined that he would own so much in his life.
He had amassed such things that no man in Humbridge would have ever needed to plow the land, such as a set of armor, sword, magic rings, and a coin sack full of gold.
Suddenly he felt very humbled.
He arrived at the barracks and passed Ted as he entered.
Hey, you just can not come in here.
This is the weapon bearers quarters.
Ted had already pulled his long knife.
Kilen slowly pulled back his hood and revealed his face slyly smiling at Ted.
Oh sorry, Kilen, he clumsily re sheathed his blade.
Leroy is in your room and your three horses have been fed and brushed down.
Three horses.
Aye.
There a piebald, skewbald, and the tan plow horse, Ted said while looking at his chart.
Oh yes, the plow horse is Leroy.
Is it a problem to house it here for him.
Kilen hoped to keep the horse well away from castle use just in case he needed Leroy to get supplies for him.
Oh no, we can keep it here, but if it is not yours than Leroy will have to care for it.
With three it is a bit time consuming when I have other rounds to make sir.
That will not be a problem.
Matter of fact I will have Leroy help you care for them.
I will need him to exercise them from time to time also, so you should get some help with the other two.
Thank you, Ted.
And if you do not mind it is just Kilen not sir, or lord, or the like.
Just like Jace then.
I will do my best but it is not in my nature.
Thank you for the help with the horses, its welcome but not needed for the other two.
Kilen nodded and keyed his way into room seven.
Leroy sat on the floor with a large lamp with oil heating a pot of tea.
He had cut cloth into squares and was filling them with more bags of individual portions of tea.
Kilen, great news.
I asked Master Horval for some ingredients for the Kapel dishes and he wanted me to teach him.
So he made me a cook and said as long as I teach him some dishes and some recipes for tea, that we could use whatever we needed from the kitchens for your diet.
I have already started to prepare four roasts, chickens, and a couple steaks.
The finer cuts were saved for the king and nobles.
That is great, I start my wizard training tonight and I am afraid that I will need them sooner than I thought.
Kilen began rearranging his belongings in the room to accommodate the large supply that Leroy had obtained from the kitchen.
Leroy stood and turned out the heating lamp and put on his jacket.
I have some training to do of my own.
Of course, I will not be the student, he grinned at Kilen.
I have some tea made there for you.
If you give me a bit of time I will run and get some of that chicken for you to eat before you go.
Think you will need anything else after that tonight.
I am anxious to get back to Master Horval.
Kilen looked up at him in surprise.
Well, I did not think he would give me the run of the stores, now I kind of like being there.
My father was always very particular about what supplies we used and when.
Here I get to experiment all I want and I am going to take the opportunity while I have it.
Well go then.
I need a bit of quiet time so I can get my thoughts straight before I head over to meet with Twilix.
Twilix.
She is very pretty.
I sure would not need time to get my mind straight working with her.
Remember what happened the last time you thought a woman was pretty.
Besides she too young for me.
Leroy got red in the face then checked his hand to make sure it was whole.
Yeah well, they can not all be like that.
He shrugged as he left Kilen in peace.
Kilen began to sip on the bitter tea as he shed unwanted clothing onto the bed.
Then he made himself comfortable in front of the washstand mirror.
He wanted to try and draw the voices out of his head.
The words that he would need to say to each of them escaped him.
He had no idea what to say or how to say it.
He had no idea of their wants, desires, or how to free his mind of them.
Before he could speak Joahna voice spoke softly to him in the back of his mind.
Before you ask, I do not know.
I do not know why or how.
I have a few ideas, but none I can be positive about.
We have been awake since the fight in the forest.
He wondered if he had manifested these voices because of the guilt he felt for killing the men.
He still did not know if they were real or not, but at least he was able to talk to them now.
Apparently we do not need to sleep or eat.
Our time has become very boring here behind your eyes.
We see what you see, hear what you hear, and can also hear your thoughts.
We are however barred from your dreams and memories.
What do you want from me.
Kilen pleaded out loud.
He was not sure how to ask them inside his head.
I want to make a pact with you.
We will not help you anymore until that happens, Joahna said bluntly.
What is the pact.
We want to know that if you find a way to return us to bodies that you will do so at the first chance.
We want to know that you will do everything you can to help us return to our people.
That is the pact we make.
What do I get from this pact, and how will can I help you.
Kilen could see no advantage to having men in his head sharing his every moment and thought.
I am a fire wizard.
My knowledge of the wizard library and the use of fire magic could come in very handy with your sister.
Max is a warrior and could help you learn the sword and other weapons.
We are near priceless assets to you right now.
Joahna stopped talking to let what he had said sink in.
Kilen thought and finally asked, Do you know the wizard laws.
I do, and I will share all of my knowledge with you.
All we want is to return to our bodies and our families.
Joahna had a pleading tone in his voice as he spoke.
As far as I know you are dead already, but if you can help me I will take it.
I agree to your pact.
If there is a way to return you to a body I will give it to you.
Now do you have any idea where we can start to find out why you are in my head.
A long time ago I read in a book that there is a kind of wizard called a soul wizard.
They are different than a elemental wizard in that they control no elemental material or elemental magic.
A soul wizard.
Kilen was shocked to hear that word and wondered where they would could find out more about soul wizards.
Before he could ask, Joahna answered his question.
The only place that would contain that type of knowledge is the wizard library.
If your land holds true to wizard law, only a wizard can enter.
We could ask those wizards you are in contact with questions and hope they find the answers for us.
It is up to the discretion of the wizard to reveal knowledge to those they trust.
All we have to do is gain the trust of a wizard to seek the answers for us.
I am sorry I cannot provide more information.
The only other thing I can remember is how to identify a soul wizard.
How would we do that.
Maybe we can figure out for ourselves whether or not I am a soul wizard.
Wait, if I am a soul wizard does not that mean I can go into the wizard library.
Joahna thought his questions over and had not realized that he had missed such a large detail with the amount of free time he had to think inside Kilen head.
The detail that I can remember is that soul wizards were often known to be diagnosed as if they had gone mad.
They seemed to talk to themselves and swear they had people living inside their heads.
I do not think that you should let others see you in this light until we can get enough information for you to defend yourself.
Soul wizards are thought to be extremely dangerous and unable to control themselves.
They said they collected souls from around them and those souls made them infinitely more powerful.
The more souls collected, the more knowledge and skills they gained.
Imagine if you had all four elements on your blade and a captured wizard soul from each element.
Your skills and the ability to use multiple types of magic at the same time could be devastating.
Kilen wondered if anyone ever found out, if he would be locked away or if they would try to use him.
He could not let others know about the voices in his head until he was sure Kara was safe.
Joahna spoke up once again before he could ask, I can help her too.
I have overcome the anger, and I can teach her better than anyone here in your land.
We do not fear fire wizards in our homeland, we celebrate them.
Kilen drank deeply on the tea that Leroy had left and thought about his options.
If I am a soul wizard, and there is no way to get you into a body again what will you do.
Kilen asked apprehensively to the two voices.
We will continue to help you.
Sometimes there are types of magic that have not been discovered yet.
If anyone can figure out a new use of magic, it would be Joahna.
He is one of the greatest fire wizards of this time.
Max spoke as if he worshiped the ground that Joahna walked on.
Kilen heard a key in the lock and realized he had been talking to the men for close to an hour.
He had been filled with excitement and the time had flown past.
He then felt his stomach rumbling in hunger.
Leroy popped his head in the room with a large bowl covered with a cloth to keep heat inside.
Here is your first taste of Kapal delicacies.
Kilen ripped off a leg and started to eat it.
I would go slow at first, they are very spicy.
It was too late.
Kilen started to cough and sputter, sending chewed chicken pieces flying about the room.
His eyes started to water and he scrambled about the room for a water skin.
When he found one, he drank deeply.
It only cured the pain for moments.
You need to eat the bread.
It will help, Leroy said holding out the loaf he had in the bowl.
Kilen started eating and Leroy saw him physically relax.
Max and Joahna chuckled, finally letting Kilen know of their presence and feelings.
They had set a pact and become a team.
They needed each other.
You will become accustomed to the taste after a few dishes and I think that this is the spiciest one.
I am sorry you went at it so fast.
I did not have time to warn you.
It is ok Leroy, it is my fault.
Have some with me.
There is plenty here for us both, he said while eyeing the large bite he had taken off, trying to build his courage to take another.
I had some already.
Master Horval and I cooked a second to have ourselves.
He turned three shades of red before I told him about the bread.
That is what he gets for making me scrub pots and whacking me with a ladle.
Kilen and Leroy chucked and for a brief moment Kilen felt at home.
Kara eyes opened and for the first time in longer than she could remember she could think clear thoughts.
The room was black as a moonless night.
Hello, her voice bounced back off the walls in the small room.
No one answered her greeting.
She was alone in the place, alone and her brother was nowhere to be found.
Kara felt her body and she was clothed in a rough leather bodice that had leather lacing up the side and smooth leather straps on the shoulders.
The pants were much the same.
The legs stopped at mid shin and laced up the side of the leg to make room for adjustment.
She could not believe that her own brother had let people dress her like this.
He also had let people poison her to keep her asleep.
She started to get angry but her thoughts would not last long.
Surely they would drug her soon.
Kara felt around in the room, making good use of the time and found blocks of stone for walls.
They were cold as ice and had smooth surfaces.
There was a bed made only of a metal panel hanging a couple feet from the floor.
She slipped into a hole in the corner that must have been meant for a privy.
Thinking of what her foot had just slipped in, she felt an anger bubble under her low neckline nowhere near her neck.
The heat in her body rose and she no longer felt cold.
He should not have let them take me away from him, she growled.
She spoke to no one and to anyone who would listen.
He should have stayed with me to protect me.
HES MY BROTHER AND HES SUPPOSED TO PROTECT ME.
Her voice climbed until she screamed and so did the flames that now rose up her body, encasing her fingers, arms, feet, legs, and then her entire body.
The flames lit up the room, a room with rock walls that had been melted into smooth surfaces.
They were covered in black soot.
The black chain holding up the metal frame for a bed had already been melted into a dripping lump of a bar, each link forming another bump.
Each metal item looked to be made of melting wax.
This is where she would have to live until her brother came to rescue her from this fate, if he ever came.
The thought enveloped her mind and anger took over.
She lashed out in waves of flame at everything in the room.
She was fire, unleashed.
The metal in the room began to turn red hot from her fire when a small window on the black metal door opened to admit a shower of ice and snow.
Kara had no chance of fighting it.
Her mind faded and went black.
She was asleep again, lying in the middle of the room when two men entered and moved her to the metal bed.
She was still very hot and the heat melted the snow and ice that stuck to her clothes.
The two men used padded leather gloves to keep the heat from cooking the flesh on their hands as they moved her.
They said nothing as they left and shut and locked the door behind them.
Kilen left his room for Leroy to clean up so he could find his way to meet up with Twilix in the King gardens.
His mouth was still burning from the spice and herbs in the chicken.
His stomach slightly churned, unable to figure out how to process the new concoction.
He walked steadily through the training grounds to a back wall of the castle which he had come through with Brent.
He walked by the traitor bowls disgusted by their presence and their purpose.
Kilen found himself veering away from them, as if the closer he came the more likely he would fall victim to them.
He told himself how ridiculous he was being and purposefully went closer as he passed.
The black steel bowls loomed over him, making him feel depressed.
He did his best to shake off the feeling.
He would not allow himself to be scared of them.
His pace quickened just after they were behind him.
The same guard Brent had ordered to find Jace now stood at one of the castle back doors.
Kilen walked up to the tall man in full polished armor and asked politely, How do I find the King garden.
Inside, down the first hall to you are right, up three flights, and the last door in the hallway.
When he finished, the man smiled ever so slightly at the corners of his mouth.
Kilen made a mental note.
Max and Joahna took note, also.
He lying, was all that Max said.
Kilen knew that Max was right.
Now he just had to figure out why and what to do about it.
He stepped inside and followed the guard instructions anyway.
At the top of the third flight of stairs there was a servant cleaning a large vase.
Kilen patiently waited until he was finished and used his boney, aged fingers to pick up the rags to move on to the next artifact.
Excuse me, can you tell me where I might be able to find the King gardens.
The old man looked at Kilen with one glassy eye, Only the gardeners, royalty, and council members are allowed there boy.
Youd better stay clear of that side of the castle especially with that blade.
Weapons are not allowed in the castle unless you are a soldier for the king.
What business do you have there.
Kilen wondered why everyone was treating him so much more indifferently than they had yesterday.
Then he remembered that he had taken to wearing the tattered cloak and unadorned sheath that Jace had suggested.
He probably looked like another servant to the old man.
Kilen pulled the first few inches of blade clear of the scabbard enough to show the elemental markings on its blade.
The elderly man turned a different shade of white and looked to be startled.
Kilen thought that the old man age spots might have gotten a shade lighter also.
I am done here and can show you the way, he said.
Kilen wanted to put the man fears at ease, I would appreciate that, one of the guards sent me here but there does not seem to be a single door at the end of this hallway.
If he sent you here, he would be playing a joke on you.
The King chambers are at the end of the hallway.
The gardens are on the other side of the castle.
They are on a balcony that overhangs the front courtyard.
He at least told you the correct floor.
Might I inquire why you have not been able to figure out the castle on your own yet.
I have only just arrived for the first time yesterday, Kilen told him.
I have lived in the Water Realm for most of my life, and was just recruited.
Well, if you ever have any need to find your way around, do not ask the guards.
They do not know the shortcuts of the castle, they would never share the same hallways as a servant.
You seek me out.
My name is Tom.
There is only one Tom in the castle, and everyone will know who I am.
They passed several servants in the back corridors.
Even the Chef, Horval recognized Kilen as he passed.
He stopped in the middle of the hallway, probably confused at why Kilen was not wearing his uniform or silver worked sheath.
Finally, after winding the servant is hallways, they arrived at the garden doors.
A man with dark grayish skin and pure white hair left.
The blade the man was carrying was twice the size of any Kilen had seen so far.
Kilen knew the man had to be Kapal.
No other people in the land would have gray or black skin like theirs.
The man was followed by a woman in leather pants that stopped just above the knee and laced up the side.
Kilen felt the temperature rise on his neck at seeing more leg than usual.
The woman chest was covered by a leather piece that showed all of her naked abdomen and entirely too much cleavage, it, too had leather lacings in the middle.
The clothing was indecent to Kilen, but Max was excited and showed memories from his Fire Realm homeland.
They all contained men and women with similar fashions to what this woman was wearing.
The woman had stark black hair and seemed not sure whether she was happy or mad at the dark skinned man, but she followed him anyway.
Kilen realized after they had rounded the hallway that the woman was probably a fire wielder of some sort, just like his sister.
Kilen looked down and stroked the blue ribbon hanging from his sword hilt.
Kilen turned to see the old man looking at him as if awaiting an answer.
Joahna spoke to Kilen, he asked if that was all.
Yes, that will be all sir, Kilen could not stop respecting his elders.
He took out a silver crown and handed it to the man as he shook his hand.
The man smiled a gap toothed smile.
This will pay for my wife herbs for a month.
I can not thank you enough.
If there is anything that I can do for you, name it and I will do what I can to help.
Kilen thought for a moment before Max spoke up, Jace said there may be spies.
You must gather every resource you can.
This elder is a resource that you cannot ignore.
He knows the castle probably better than anyone.
He knows the difference between the politics and the rumors.
He said everyone knows him and so he must know everyone.
We cannot afford to lose this one.
Thanks to you for your hospitality.
I am very sorry I frightened you earlier.
If I had known your wife was ill I would have let you go to her early.
Take this for your wife and do me one favor.
Name it my lord, the old man said eagerly as he turned the coin over in his hand.
I will need you to watch my honor.
My name is Kilen and as a friend, that is what you will call me.
Keep your ears open for my name.
I will seek you out for information and any rumors that might find your ears.
That is all I require of you, kind sir, Kilen hoped that he had been respectful enough to Tom.
I will make it so, as long as it does not interfere with my allegiance to my king.
Kilen nodded and walked out the doors into the garden.
It was bright and open to the air with high walls that made it seem to be a roofless room instead of a balcony.
The walls were covered with ivy and there was a narrow stone path that led through the plants and flowers.
Kilen could make out every leaf and petal using the water vision.
He found only one gap that the water vision would not touch.
He assumed that there would be a fire wielder or large fire there, but instead found Twilix sitting on a bench reading a book.
Her hood was pulled back and her long golden hair hung down over her shoulders.
Kilen thought that she looked more innocent than his sister, but he chided himself to know she was a very dangerous and powerful wizard.
At least that is what he had been told.
He stood before her for a couple minutes before speaking to her.
Wizard Twilix.
She held up a single finger, but did not look up.
The finger went back to her place in the book and continued reading line after line.
She spoke while turning the page, You made me wait for you so it is only fair that you now wait for me.
Kilen was a bit perturbed at waiting on someone as young as her, but realized that he should just keep quiet if he did not want to get on her bad side.
He stood in front of her waiting as patiently as he could.
He started to listen to the sounds that drifted over the garden walls from the courtyard, and examined every flower and plant using his water vision.
He took careful note of all his surroundings before he looked back at the tiny girl sitting on the bench.
She was looking up at him with her book closed and brilliant green eyes.
He remembered that they turned an equally brilliant blue when she used her magic.
He thought about the water vision and realized that he could now see her instead of the hollow space that was there before.
When had she stopped using the magic, and how had she stopped him from seeing the water near her.
She still sat waiting for something, and Kilen tried to scramble his thoughts to remember what she said.
Joahna spoke up, She said nothing.
Say something, stupid.
Great, the voices in his head were now calling him names.
He really hoped that he had not gone crazy.
You are just standing there you lout, say something.
AHhh, reporting as ordered, Wizard Twilix.
Suddenly his mouth felt very dry.
He was not use to being under pressure.
Just Twilix, as I told you before.
Kilen nodded back, because he was afraid of speaking and saying something else dumb.
You did not report as ordered, I told you to come as soon as you were done with dinner.
It is two hours past the soldiers eating time and almost dark.
How will we train in the dark, Kilen.
She paused only long enough to let Kilen open his mouth, I do not think you understand the situation fully or you would have been here on time.
I will not allow my pupils to be late, so you will promise me you will not let it happen again.
I promise that it will not happen again, he said promptly.
She eyed him, and then finally patted the space on the bench next to her, telling him to sit.
Kilen took his place and read the title of the book she was reading, A Sundered Soul.
Kilen had read the book when he was bored in school.
It was a book about a man who gave his body to the dark lord in exchange for his lover life.
His mother would not let him bring the book in the house, which was fine because it had given him nightmares anyway.
I am sorry I was late, my servant brought my meal after he had had his with the soldiers, and then a guard gave me bad instructions here.
I finally got some help finding the garden by a servant named Tom.
Tom is a good man, always looking out for his family.
You need not apologize.
You already said you would not let it happen again.
Let us get as much training as we can before complete darkness comes upon us.
Tell me what you have learned so far in your travels with Brent.
Well, I can produce fog, float water, use the water vision, heal people and animals, make water out of air, and I can subdue a fire wizard.
You make it sound as if you have learned very little.
If these abilities do not impress you, perhaps you will be as skilled as me.
She paused, tapping her fingers on the bench as if trying to figure out where to start the training.
Kilen asked in the silence, When I approached I could not see you using the water vision.
How did you do that.
She smiled, I am glad you asked.
It is great you have a desire to learn everything.
I pushed the moisture away from my body forming a very thin line of water that you could not see past.
It is like putting a wall between us.
I am very glad you noticed the bubble.
Would you like to try it.
Kilen nodded his head, Good, step away from me, feel me with the water vision and watch as I push the water away, forming a space around my body.
The space opened, but Kilen could still see the water inside her body.
Next you form the wall of water connecting the water and letting it form a thin solid wall.
The wall will be so thin that you can still see through it with your eyes but the magic will hit it like a barrier.
Suddenly she disappeared from his water vision.
Kilen pushed the water away and tried to form the barrier but had trouble.
She removed the barrier and brought it back a couple times before Kilen saw the intricacy of the water in the air.
They seem to fit together like a jigsaw puzzle.
He tried again a couple more times before he was able to form the barrier.
Very good.
This was one of the harder skills to master.
Not many of my students even notice that I am not in their water vision.
You should be proud.
I am not finding these skills hard to learn.
Using the sword as a regular blade is what seems hard.
Twilix smiled a wry smile and gave Kilen a mischievous look.
Then do not use that one as a blade, use this.
She held up her hand.
Kilen watched as water gathered into a tight formation in a long length in front of her.
Suddenly the water snapped into a solid structure, a clear blade of ice.
She waved it around and lifted the front of her skirt to give her room to fit into the fighting warrior stance.
With her other hand she held her blade above her head with its tip pointing at Kilen.
Well, form your blade, weapon bearer.
Kilen liked her teaching style and gathered the water into a form identical to the blade in the sheath.
He tried to make the form solid, but it would not change from water to ice.
You are thinking about it wrong.
Ice does not flow.
The water in ice does not move at all.
She said it so matter of factly that the idea struck him as if he should have figured it out ages ago.
All he had to do was stop the water from moving.
Kilen made the water stop and it snapped into the form of a blade.
It was not as sharp as his blade, but it would work for what they were using it for.
Twilix struck at this blade and the two collided.
Kilen blade shattered and fell to the ground.
That is the problem with Ice swords they just do not stand up to a hit.
If you are fighting ice blade against ice blade you will have to reinforce the structure at the exact point they are to hit each other.
It is a hard skill, but with practice you will be able to manage it.
She let her blade hang in the air, melt, and disappear.
What else have you learned from that bit of a fight.
Kilen thought of several things he had learned, I will always have a second blade with me wherever I go.
Well you are thinking too narrowly.
You will always be able to form any weapon from ice, an arrow, an axe, a spear, and even be able to throw them using the magic.
She formed an ornate dagger of ice in the air.
It appeared quicker than Kilen could follow.
The ice dagger zipped past him and into the wall, shattering under the force and speed.
When Kilen looked back at Twilix she had formed three more and hovered them in the air around her.
The daggers moved with precision and rotated around Kilen head with points inward.
They spun around him and Kilen suddenly felt too afraid to move.
Speed up the water around your head and rotate it in the opposite direction.
DO IT NOW.
Joahna all but shouted in his head.
Kilen closed his eyes to see only through the water vision and did just what Joahna was screaming for him to do.
The faster he spun it the faster the daggers melted and joined the water he had started with.
Soon Kilen had a ring of steam spinning around his head and he started to sweat.
He moved the spinning water above his head.
He then saw that Twilix was forming more daggers into the air.
The two stood only five feet apart and she could skewer him in an instant.
He moved the spinning ring of steam in front of his body and flattened it into a wall, gathering water into it, to make it thicker.
She threw the daggers at full force into the ring and the daggers melted instantly and splashed warm water onto Kilen chest, where the daggers should have landed.
Kilen kept the wall spinning and formed daggers of his own behind Twilix.
Flames leaped out of the air to melt his daggers as he made them appear.
The flames melted his ice before he could form more, and the woman that had been following the Kapaly man stepped out from behind a wall of plants.
She threw fireballs into the wall of steaming water.
Kilen noticed a void in the water vision behind him and turned to see a small pillar of flame forming behind him.
She was trying to distract him with fire balls.
STOP.
Twilix shouted, while forming a wall of ice between Kilen and the flame.
Kilen let go of the wall of rotating steam.
It rushed out in every direction causing Twilix to bring up a shield of water.
Kilen skin burned when the steam rushed by him and he let out a scream.
The fire wielder stood in the blast with no recognition of the heat.
Twilix placed herself in front of Kilen.
She faced the woman and held her hands out for the woman to stop.
The woman stood with one hand raised, holding a ball of fire poised for assault.
She was looking at Kilen with a hatred.
The flames died out and the ball of flame in her hand did as well.
The fire of hatred in her eyes still burned as she spoke.
He was going to attack you.
He had ice daggers behind your back.
We were only training, Mary.
I was doing more to him moments ago.
Besides when have you ever seen a trainee best me in battle.
That is no trainee.
Only veterans use those kinds of attacks.
Especially more than one form of magic at once.
No, you might think he is a trainee, but I say he was sent here to kill you.
The ball of fire appeared in Mary hand again.
He is a trainee.
I was just teaching him those moves.
The fact that he can use more than one form of water magic at the same time is brilliant so early in training, but it is not unheard of if you remember what I could do.
Mary slowly let the fire dissipate, but still looked very angry.
Kilen, this is Mary Krape.
She is the fire wizard councilmen for King Atmos.
Kilen was moving very slow as to not irritate the skin that he had just scorched with his own ring of steam.
Twilix finally remembered that he had been hurt by the steam and rushed to kneel by his side.
Ohh let me help.
She put her icy fingers on his neck and Kilen winched at the touch.
He felt as if his skin was still aflame.
She let the cooling waves of healing pass into his body and relief flooded him.
That will teach you never to let go of the water until you can handle the aftermath.
You could freeze yourself into a block of ice or steam yourself to death.
Next time slow the water before releasing.
Kilen nodded in understanding and made a mental note not to do that again.
He finally stood and walked to Mary with an open hand held out in greeting.
She made no move to take his, but stared defiantly at him.
So you are the weapon bearer that Brent was talking about.
He wanted me to look in on your sister from time to time.
You have seen my sister.
Kilen had not seen or heard any sign of fire wizards since he had been here, let alone word on his sister.
He had been concentrating on making sure that he was able to pass the training to pay for her welfare.
Why should I do this task when I receive nothing in compensation.
No, I refused to check in on her.
She is not my responsibility.
If you wanted to guarantee her safety then you should not have brought her here.
The fire magic controls her emotions still.
Be wary of her Kilen, Joahna whispered in the recesses of his mind.
Kilen spoke without much thought into proper protocol of rank.
Is there anything that I can offer you to perform the task that Wizard Brent asked.
You have nothing to offer me, weapon bearer, unless you can channel dead souls so that I can talk to my parents again.
They died while I was in my training.
You have nothing to offer me, weapon bearer, unless you can help me to control my emotions and leave this place to return to my brothers and sister.
You have nothing to offer me, unless you can strip me of this fiery burden.
Flames had started to trickle up her arms as she spoke in a more irritated voice.
Can you do that weapon bearer.
Calmly, Twilix moved to place a single hand on Mary shoulder, which singed and hissed when she made contact.
I think that he may have something to offer both of us Mary.
We will discuss that more in the morning, Kilen.
If you do not mind, I would like to try again at our training, only this time I will meet you tomorrow promptly after the morning meal on the wizard training ground outside your barracks.
Kilen bowed his head as he answered which seemed strange to bow to a child, As you wish Twilix.
Go and get some rest, you may need all of your strength tomorrow morning.
The touch Twilix had made on Mary had seemed to calm her both mentally and physically.
They both turned to walk away through the garden.
Kilen stood on the darkened garden path not feeling tired at all.
He started to slowly make his way back to his room.
He wandered the hallways and was stopped by two sets of guards before he showed his blade to let him pass.
He did not ask them directions, but proceeded to lose his way twice before he finally ended up in the kitchen.
Leroy hurried over to him, followed by Master Harvel, the balding skinny castle chef.
His large ladle was tucked up under his arm.
You need my attention for something, Kilen.
Kilen remembered that he would have to be at the training ground early in the morning so it was fortunate he had wandered his way to the kitchen.
Actually, I do.
I need a meal in my room early tomorrow before the others are served breakfast.
Wizard Twilix wishes to train me on the wizard training grounds just after the soldiers breakfast ends.
I will need something to sustain me awhile.
Her training sessions are not easy, I am afraid.
I will have it there.
I have some tea made up If you would like a bit before you head back to your room.
Leroy did not wait for an answer but poured Kilen a glass.
Kilen drank the entire bitter cup in one drink.
The boy smiled at Kilen and handed him a tart, This will help with the taste.
Thanks.
Remember, early breakfast Leroy.
I cannot afford to be late.
I made a promise.
Leroy nodded.
How has Leroy been working out, Master Harvel.
I hope that I have provided him enough time to help you here in the kitchen.
Great, Master Kilen.
I do believe that you were very right about his cooking skills.
I do believe that he may even replace me as the castle master chef if you let him stick around.
Kilen smiled at the skinny man, Sorry, I promised his father that he would be returning within the year.
So gather all the knowledge from him that you can while he is here under your watch.
Master Harvel visibly slumped in disappointment.
He told me as much.
I guess I just did not want to believe it.
Ah well, nothing to do about it.
I need to make sure the bunch of lazy, no talent workers in the back are not burning the morning biscuits.
He walked off towards the back of the kitchen when Leroy stepped forward.
He not as bad as I thought.
You will not be having those horrible biscuits.
I had a ham cooking since I left your rooms a while ago.
It will be finished in the morning and I will serve it with some eggs.
It will put some muscle on you before you know it.
Leroy smiled, and Kilen smiled back.
Well I am off to bed, looks like another full day tomorrow.
Oh by the way, I will need you to tell Bowie I will not be able to make the training in the morning because of Twilix.
Have a good night, Leroy.
If you need to sleep in my room, you have my permission.
Leroy nodded again and went about working his small piles of herbs with a mortar and pestle.
Kilen left out the kitchen back door while eating the pastry that Leroy had given him.
It really did take the bitter taste away.
It tasted of fresh raspberries and reminded him of the previous year springfest.
His mother had won a baking contest with her raspberry pie.
Crossing the training ground, Kilen did not know how he would ever get to sleep.
After his drink of Leroy energizing tea he felt even more rejuvenated than before.
He decided it would be a good idea to practice the forms Sgt.
Wells had taught him.
I can help with that, Max said.
The forms in your book are the same as the ones we are taught in the Fire Realm.
I should be able to help you in that area, at least.
Kilen pulled his sword from his sheath and started the basic forms he was taught.
Max told him to make adjustments here or there as he moved from one to another.
He then started to tell Kilen which form to move into the next so that the forms flowed better than Kilen had skill to see.
Kilen noticed a man watching him in the dark.
He turned to face him and lowered his sword.
The man crossed his arms to stop the night chill then scoffed and chuckled at Kilen before continuing on.
Kilen did not like to be laughed at, so as soon as the man was beyond his vision he gathered a fog around himself as far a distance as he could.
He closed his eyes and used the water vision to see his surroundings.
Max made more adjustments and began to get frustrated with Kilen lack of skill in swordsmanship.
If it ever comes down to a sword fight without magic, you might want to just use those goofy long legs of yours and run.
Kilen even became disappointed in himself and lowered his blade tip to the ground.
Then Kilen felt someone approaching through the fog coming straight for him.
Well at least you are practicing the forms, as horrible as you are at them.
Let me give you some pointers, Jace voice rang out in the night.
You made quite an impression on Twilix.
You exceeded her expectations, which is saying something.
I only did what she asked.
Jace pulled a blade from underneath his cloak and wielded it comfortably like it was a part of his body.
If you can see what I do, do not release the fog.
I will watch using the water vision also.
He held up a finger with a ring on it in the fog.
I will make adjustments to your form and we will work as long as you can hold out or get too frustrated to continue.
Max was ecstatic and added to Jace instructions.
To help Kilen understand, he provided mental pictures of the Fire Realm.
The two men practiced well into the night, and all the torches faded from the castles walls.
When they finished, Jace disappeared into the night just as quickly as he had come.
Kilen made his way to his room and still did not feel tired.
He would only need to have a couple hours sleep before morning, even without the earth magic to restore him.
Leroy food and tea were providing him the energy and endurance he would need to complete the training.
When he arrived in his room, Leroy was fast asleep on a pallet made up in the corner by the writing desk.
Kilen washed his face quietly and pulled off his clothes and slipped into bed without waking his friend.
Max and Joahna bid him goodnight and Kilen answered out loud into the dark room.
It was nice to have more friends on his side.
He just hoped that they were real.
Kilen woke to Leroy saying his name when he entered the room.
Youd better get dressed.
I have your breakfast and some information for you.
Leroy pulled the cover off of the food tray he had, revealing two hard boiled eggs three thick slices of ham, some fresh fruit, and two biscuits.
Wizard Twilix has set you up to do practice battles with the fire councilwoman.
The soldiers are excited about it and bets are being placed.
Apparently, she has killed men that tried to help Twilix in the past.
It is because she gets angered during the fight and loses control.
I would eat and get your head straight before you head out to face her.
Kilen was suddenly not very hungry.
He had faced Mary last night but Twilix interceded before they got started.
He would have to try not to anger the woman during the fight.
With what he knew about women, there was a very small chance of that happening.
How did you hear of the fight.
I am supposed to be training.
Kilen began to eat the breakfast that was provided for him.
That fire wizard woman was talking to a Kapal man before the soldiers arrived.
She was saying something about not needing his assistance today because she was going to expend her energy on some new weapon bearer Twilix was training.
So I just assumed that it would be you.
Kilen finished his plate while Leroy tidied up the room.
Then he washed the food down with the same bitter tea he would be drinking at every turn.
Leroy promptly produced another raspberry tart wrapped in cloth from one of his many pockets.
Kilen was grateful to have a friend like Leroy.
Do you need anything, or are we good on supplies.
Kilen asked while putting on his boots and strapping on his sword belt.
Oh, we bought enough to get us through the rest of the week, and Master Harvel is providing a lot of the more common herbs I need, now that I am teaching him some recipes.
Do not worry about me or the supplies.
You have a fire wizard to deal with.
Kilen nodded in response, wrapped on his cloak, and thanked Leroy again before he ducked out the door.
Kilen stepped out of the barracks into a cool ,thickly clouded summer morning.
He could make out Twilix in her blue hooded cloak crossing the wizard training grounds.
Mary was nowhere in sight.
The lack of her presence made him ease a tiny bit.
Twilix pushed back her hood, revealing her golden hair and green eyes.
She looked Kilen up and down.
Do not you have armor.
I do.
Jace told me I would not be using it as a scout.
He told me I should look inconspicuous, that way I can overhear conversations.
I understand, but you will probably need any help you can get today.
Hurry and put it on.
It will not help to delay Mary.
She is ready to help train you right now.
Kilen was startled by the tone in her voice, I do not see her anywhere.
Kilen looked around the training ground.
Twilix pointed to the middle of the wizard training ground where a large bonfire was burning.
She waiting for you there when you are ready.
Please hurry.
I do not want to have to re grow all of your skin.
Kilen realized that Mary was the bonfire.
He turned to ran inside his barracks.
When he entered the door Leroy was just about finished cleaning.
Kilen started throwing things out of the trunk and wardrobe.
Hurry, help me get my armor on.
Bowie stepped out of his barracks wearing a bright green outfit and his black hat ,with the intention of getting some practice time in even if Kilen would not be able to make it.
He wanted to see how well his new bow worked anyway.
He moved out to the field and found Captain Lorusk and John Curtain, the archery trainer, standing in the middle.
Bowie knew that whatever game they would be playing it would be a dangerous one.
Bowie thought it would be in his best interest to give them what they wanted for the time being.
Captain Lorusk, Trainer Curtain, good morning.
Lorusk stood with arms crossed squared off with Bowie looking at him, as if he was buying a steak at market.
I suppose I should call you Master Cresent, after all.
He said nothing else and Bowie thought it would be best to say nothing until he was asked directly.
After a moment, the captain let out a breath of air and relaxed.
If you have no one to train yet, I would like to see these skills of yours.
Apparently, I have missed out twice now.
Once when you out shot my second, and the other time was literally behind my back if he is to be believed.
Bowie spoke up, I have come to practice but I will show you what I can Sir.
Bowie placed a foot on his bow and bent it so that he could fix the string into place.
Very well, let is move back a bit.
How far back can you still strike the target, boy.
The Captain now had his hands down at his side and appeared to be taking a very friendly tone with Bowie.
He thought it was a trick and decided to keep up the appearance of a good soldier, as much as he knew how.
John Curtain fidgeted with an arrow as he stood by the captain side, but said nothing.
Further back yet, captain.
I will go as far as I can.
If you would excuse me some warm up shots.
The king told me my old bow was not as good as I thought, so I bought a new one, sir.
Bowie lifted the bow so that the captain could take a better look.
He looked it over without touching it and then nodded his head in approval.
Let me know when you are ready, was all the captain said as he moved off to the far end of the range.
John followed, still fidgeting with his arrow.
Bowie stretched his bow to test its strength.
It had a harder pull than the one he had before.
It was taller and made for longer shots.
The arrow would have to leave his hand going a lot faster.
He tried to figure the best he could on the range of the bow and nocked an arrow.
He breathed like his grandfather had taught him and released in the natural pause in the breathing pattern.
The arrow landed in the center line of the target but barely on the top edge.
The arrow had gone faster than Bowie had anticipated.
He would have to lower the bow aim even more.
The second shot he landed in the red circle.
Satisfied, he moved ten paces farther back.
He took three more shots, landing them all in the middle circle.
He moved back farther.
He felt confident that with this bow he would be able to make longer shots more accurately than he had before.
The only problem was, that with a stronger and longer draw, he would have to make longer arrows to compensate.
It would have to wait until he could get the materials.
Right now he had two other problems.
When he turned to face Captain Lorusk there were three other men with bows standing talking to him.
Lorusk waved them away.
They seemed disappointed as they walked away.
I am ready Captain.
Good, let us see your skills then.
Lorusk and Curtain moved to follow Bowie.
Proceed, the captain said with his arms folded across his chest.
Bowie took aim and let the arrow go.
It landed just above where he had predicted.
He made the adjustment and let a second arrow go.
It landed very near the center of the target.
Bowie started to make more distance, and the other two men followed.
Bowie made another shot and moved back yet again so that he was now standing almost touching the barracks wall.
He took another shot, and it yet again landed in the center.
Bowie relaxed his bow and the captain stood looking at him.
Proceed, he said again.
Yes, sir.
Bowie said, as he pulled another arrow from his quiver.
Shot after shot twanged out of Bowie bow and all the captain would ever say was, proceed.
Bowie was on his final shot and could think of nothing that would impress the captain better than a target full of his arrows.
He looked at the captain still standing with his arms crossed and feet planted, waiting the next shot.
Bowie started to pull the arrow from the quiver.
Let me have a look at the arrow, boy, the captain said.
Bowie handed it to him.
The captain rolled it over in his fingers.
He looked down the shaft and examined the fletching.
This is a very high quality arrow.
Where did you learn to make them.
My grandfather taught me how, sir Bowie replied with as much respect as he could give the captain.
He handed back the arrow and went back to crossing his arms.
Before he could say proceed, Bowie shot his final arrow, leaving his quiver empty.
I have a proposition for you, boy.
I want you to train my men how to shoot like you do.
Teach them all you can and make me look good in front of the King when this training season is finished.
If you provide me with enough capable archers, I will do my best to give you some rank in this army.
Bowie wondered if it was a trick, but remembered his dads old saying, if you are not sure it is a trap there only one way to find outtrip it.
I would appreciate the chance to prove my worth in the army Captain.
May I make a request that I would still be able to train my friend in a private session.
The captain uncrossed his arms and reached out with an open hand towards Bowie, Bargain made, boy or should I say Sergeant.
The captain reached out to John Curtain and took a tree emblem off of his lapel and gave it to Bowie.
It is yours as long as you prove yourself worthy.
The tree had a single line across its trunk showing his rank.
Bowie nodded his head and the captain helped him pin it onto his bright green short coat.
Kilen hurried out of the barracks to find Twilix still waiting outside.
He was still slipping his arm into the straps of his shield.
When he looked around he saw that a few other weapon bearers were in their armor standing outside the barracks.
Twilix turned and started to walk toward the still blazing Mary.
Kilen hurried to catch up.
He could see with the water vision the other weapon bearers following as they made their way to the center of the grounds.
When Kilen was about twenty paces away he could make out the individual features of Mary underneath the flames.
I will explain what is going to happen, Twilix said while standing in front of Kilen.
In a moment, you will face Mary in battle.
During this battle she will become more and more aggressive.
You must survive the experience, that is all.
The point of this exercise is to wear her out.
A fire wizard uses their personal supplies of energy when they become angry.
So if you can stand in battle long enough against her, she will wear herself out.
If she does that, her anger will also be worn out, and she will be able to control her emotions better.
If you want Mary to help your sister, here is your chance.
Twilix turned and pointed at Mary, You must wear her out.
If you accomplish that, she will be able to make a trip into town, which she prizes greatly.
She rarely gets out of the castle grounds because she is normally too erratic to be left to herself.
If you can subdue her anger, she has agreed to talk to and check on your sister.
It took a moment for Kilen to organize his own thoughts.
I will be here to protect you if things get out of hand.
I have fought Mary many times.
That is why we are such good friends.
You have to fight her in order to become her friend.
Twilix nodded her head, It is the only way to get to the true emotions of a fire wizard.
At least until they learn to control themselves fully.
She is right in a way, Kilen.
I will be here to help you.
We can do this, Joahna mind was a focused knot in the back of Kilen head.
He tried to emulate the focus as he pulled his sword free of its sheath.
Twilix smiled and quickly moved out of the way, bouncing on blue satin slippers.
Kilen noticed the Kapal man had come to stand beside Twilix, but she looked at him sternly and moved a small distance away from him.
Max put the image of the warrior stance in Kilen mind, and he took on the pose.
Do not face the impact of the fire straight on.
Angle your shield to allow anything she throws at you to glance off to the side or into the air.
If you do that you will waste less energy.
Prepare yourself, she is getting ready to attack.
Just before Mary threw the first fireball Kilen noticed Jace slipping into the crowd, wearing his hood up.
A ball of flame streaked through the air was all he got for a warning that the training had started.
Kilen was repeatedly struck with fireballs.
It was as if Mary was not even putting up a real fight.
He knew that he would have to make her fight harder, so he started taking steps forward to close the distance.
He tried gathering water from any source he could find and found it was coming easily from the air due to the low overhanging clouds.
As he advanced, Mary started to laugh loudly, now speeding up the rate of fireballs she was throwing.
Kilen was expending little to no effort in deflecting the flames.
Suddenly, Mary ran at Kilen and threw a wave of flame at him.
Kilen doused himself with water to make sure the flames never touched him.
Again, the bombardment of spheres of flame hammered into his shield.
Kilen knew that his arm would be bruised from the repeated impacts of the attack.
Kilen decided to hammer her in return.
He formed balls of ice and hurled them at her using magic while hiding behind his shield.
Mary let out a whip of flame, dripping molten bits onto the ground, cutting the ice chunks in pieces before they could strike her.
Kilen gained a moment, only a fraction of a second, in the battle and saw an opportunity.
He charged Mary, with shield held out in front of him and was met with a wave of flame as he slammed into her.
They both fell to the ground and Mary flames were extinguished.
Twilix let out a gasp as Kilen rolled to his feet.
In the assault his shields straps had come free of their steel backings.
Kilen shed the shield.
Inside his mind the two men cheered him on, Good move.
If she gets up she going to be very mad.
It was as if Mary could hear them speak, for just as Max spoke, a volcano of flame leapt from where Mary was laying.
Kilen scrambled back away from the heat of the inferno.
When he was far enough away that he could not feel the flames he turned to look back.
The flames took on the shape of a woman, stepping out with molten whip in hand.
Mary body lay flat on the ground where Kilen had lain it, still smoldering but whole.
NO, that is not good.
No one can defeat an elemental.
It is pure magic and flames.
You have to attack her body to separate her consciousness from the elemental.
She might wear herself out, but it is not likely.
You must get to her body.
Joahna was both intense and stern in his voice.
Kilen was now one hundred paces or more away from her and making more distance to avoid the elemental with a molten whip.
She was lashing out and Kilen had no shield to protect himself with.
He then realized that he did have a shield.
Kilen started to gather water and form it into a plate of ice attaching it to his bracer with a solid ring of ice.
When he was finished it was larger than the metal one he was using before, it shined with a magnificent reflective surface that turned red in the flickering flames surrounding the battle field.
Kilen needed to slow Mary so that he could make a move to get closer to her body.
He was too far away to reach her with any attack that he had learned so far.
Kilen formed spears of ice into the air and thrust them at the elemental.
They all struck home, turning to water as they speared her and came out the other side.
The elemental taunted Kilen with Mary angered laugh.
He tried to think of how he defeated the other fire wielders.
Max and Joahna cringed at the thoughts of their own deaths, but that was the only battle he had ever been in.
He would have to draw experience from what he already knew.
At his feet, Kilen pulled the earth up in behind him and pushed it down in front of him.
He created a large crack between him and the elemental.
He stood on the cliff he had raised looking down on her.
Mary ran her elemental body to the crack and began to jump.
Realizing that she could jump higher and farther as an elemental, Kilen quickly raised the cliff and widened the crack more.
The effect set Kilen tumbling backwards down the slope and the elemental into the crack.
When he stood and regained his footing, he slammed the earth shut.
The crack was lit with a curtain of flame blocking any passage across.
Kilen knew that this might be his only opportunity.
He raced to the top of the cliff and leaped from its peak through the curtain of flame.
He tucked his Ice shield below his feet to protect him from its heat.
When he landed he heard a pop in his foot and crumpled onto the ground.
The white hot pain in his head blocked out all rational thought.
What he could see from his eyes he did not control.
His arms moved mechanically, pulling his body along the ground towards Mary.
The thought of not being in control of his body helped him to force down the pain and regain control.
He pushed with his one good foot and crawled using his arm bearing his sword, with the shield arm and maimed foot dragging in the dirt.
Kilen looked back to the curtain of flame that had gathered in one location and he saw the elemental climb its way out of the deepened grave.
It looked confused as it looked for Kilen on the other side of the ridge and then it spotted him.
He was already half way between Mary and her elemental.
Kilen picked up the pace and moved as fast as he could, dragging himself along the ground.
He stretched out his magic to start cooling the water in the air around Mary.
The elemental raced through the open space to catch up.
Mary was too hot and it was not cooling her fast enough to separate her from the elemental.
Like you did with your sister, Joahna spoke urgently.
Kilen did not respond but went straight to moving the water and lowering the temperature inside of Mary body.
The closer he came the faster her body cooled.
The elemental started to flicker and spurt off uncontrolled flames, and Kilen knew that he was winning.
He continued on and the elemental flame slowly died out into nothingness, as though it had not existed at all.
Mary bolted upright crying out, Stop.
You win.
Kilen released the water inside Mary and gave into the pain in his foot, gripping his father blade as he laid writhing on the ground.
Soon, Twilix found her way to Mary, who shook her away and gripped her own arms as though there was a winter chill to the air.
It did not take long for Kilen to hear another pop in his foot and the pain subsided.
Twilix healed what damage was left and helped him to sit up straight.
How are you now.
Can you hear me.
I can hear you fine.
There was nothing wrong with my ears, Kilen was a little angry at being put in so much danger without anyone coming to stop the fight.
Why did you let us keep going, he said while standing up and testing out the strength in the foot that had just been hurt.
Kilen, I called to you.
I asked if you wanted to stop.
You kept going and so we let you.
You performed very well.
I did not expect you to beat her your first time.
I can only win half of the time with her.
You should be very proud.
Kilen let her words sink in.
He had been listening.
He heard all of what Max and Joahna had told him.
The Kapal man walked up behind Twilix, He had blood lust.
It takes a man mind in battle.
It can make them wild and wreckless.
Today it made this boy focused and strong.
The dark skinned man came near and Kilen tried to stand tall.
He knew that the Kapal race were the best warriors in existence.
He wanted to look strong in front of him, but as he approached, Kilen felt the strength disappear out of him.
His ice shield, armor, and his sword weighed him and down pulled him to the ground.
It was like being stripped of his earth magic all at once.
The water vision he had been maintaining winked out, and Twilix chewed on her lip nervously.
He cannot stand under the weight he carries after such an ordeal with his magic.
Gortus, keep your distance.
She waved him away to no avail.
No, he can not stand under the weight of the shield that is attached to his arm.
Gortus slammed a black gauntleted fist against the ice shield and it shattered under his strength, freeing Kilen of the weight.
He stood upright looking into the gray eyes of the Kapal warrior.
You performed well for a wielder.
I would have used that blade for other purposes than for a show though.
He smiled and showed pointed teeth in the front of his mouth that made his smile intimidating.
He was a head shorter than Kilen, but he knew the Kapal was more deadly than anyone else on the field.
Suddenly Jace appeared behind him and laid a hand on the warrior shoulder.
This is the one I was telling you about, Gortus.
He is the son of the man who trained me.
The son of the great Scout, Dylan.
I had to prove myself over and over to get out of the shadow of that man.
Sometimes they still compare me to him.
Well, his son is definitely not the great fighter he was.
What happened to your father, boy.
where is he.
Kilen cleared his throat, I have not seen my father since I was eight.
He was sent on a mission for King Atmos ten years ago, when they pulled him from us to return to being a scout.
Jace and Gortus looked at each other and exchanged a thought that Kilen could not make out.
Jace spoke with a pleasantness in his voice, Kilen, this is Gortus.
One of the king battle commanders, and a personal friend of mine.
He was born and raised in Kapal and left to come here and fight for the elemental Kingdoms.
You will probably never find a better mannered Kapal than him.
Which is pretty much barbaric.
They both smiled.
Kilen, I know you must have used most of your strength so why do not you see if Leroy has anything to help.
Kilen nodded his head, He said he was making me some Kapal steaks today for lunch.
If you would like to join me, I have questions for you.
I have read about the Kapal in all the books I had in school, but nothing to fully describe your culture or race.
Kilen spoke excitedly before he had a chance to filter the words.
Gortus did not seem to mind or even hear most of what he had to say.
Your friend can make Kapal dishes.
he asked, looking very excited himself.
Kilen shook his head yes, afraid to sound a fool in front of him again.
If your friend is any good at making them, I would take you on as my pupil just to get a decent meal around here.
Jace stood straighter and sounded excited, Shake on it.
Gortus smiled and held out his hand.
Kilen accepted the open hand not understanding what had just happened.
We shall see you for lunch then Gortus.
Come with me now, boy, he said putting his arm around Kilen and whisking him towards the kitchen.
A few steps away from Grotus, Kilen strength and magic returned, causing him to jump a small amount.
Jace smiled and kept walking while helping to balance Kilen.
If Leroy can produce some Kapal dish that Gortus finds worthy, you might end up a better swordsman than me.
How do you think that will happen.
Kilen asked with uncertainty.
Jace stopped and turned to Kilen then pointed at the man Gortus.
The Kapal people guard their training secrets closely.
Gortus has never trained anyone or even challenged me to a match.
He fears others learning their fighting style and using it to destroy his people.
Only people that face him in battle learn of his style and skill and they never live to tell about it.
Gortus is very good.
You could not ask for a better tutor to learn the sword.
We must get to your man to give him enough time to provide a traditional Kapal meal.
Kilen nodded and lead him into the kitchen.
They found Master Harvel working over a couple of servants with his ladle.
Master Harvel.
The wiry man turned around to see Kilen and Jace and promptly tucked the ladle under his arm.
Yes, gentlemen, he said while smoothing back what white greasy hair he had.
How can I help you, this fine day.
I am looking for Leroy.
Have to seen him since he came to bring me breakfast.
Kilen asked the man politely.
I sent a guard to tell you Leroy went to the infirmary.
Some of the boys in here stepped beyond their authority and punished him for accessing some of my more expensive herbs.
I am dealing with them accordingly, as you can see.
Kilen and Jace looked at each other and then Jace waved Kilen off to the side.
I will go and see to your friend and make sure he is healed enough to return.
I think we may have left Twilix a little too soon in your training.
She was talking to Mary and saw me leading you away.
She looked a little bit perturbed.
Go and see her now.
Jace turned and disappeared behind some kitchen shelves.
Kilen made a quickened step out of the kitchen, back to the training fields.
As soon as he looked out to where he had fought Mary he saw Twilix stomping her way back to the kitchen.
Kilen thought it was a funny sight.
The small girl drawing up as much authority as she could, was red cheeked and drawing up bits of dust as she stomped.
Her arms worked furiously.
Kilen then remembered that he had only begun to learn her secrets.
She was still one of the most accomplished wizards in the realm and definitely the most powerful water wizard he knew.
Kilen started to get nervous.
He had just promised her that he would make sure to be where he was supposed to be and already left early.
Kilen knelt on the ground, bowing his head in submission.
He hoped that It would show his respect for her, even if she would not accept another apology.
When her short legs finally made it to stand in front of Kilen, her foot was tapping impatiently in blue slippers that poked out beneath the lace that hemmed blue dress she wore.
Kilen lifted his head slightly and did not see any sign of Mary behind her.
Well, where did that man go.
First he asks me to train you then steals you away right in the middle of my training.
He went to the infirmary, my lady, Kilen kept his head bowed because of the tone in her voice.
Oh did he now.
Stand up Kilen.
I know you were only going with him as told.
Those two men frustrate me to no end.
Why did he go to the infirmary.
Kilen stood as ordered, now looking down at Twilix in the morning light.
Her eyes shone a brilliant green.
Her cheeks were still red with the anger she had at Jace.
Kilen thought that she reminded him of his sister, whom he missed.
He stroked his sister ribbon as he answered, My friend Leroy was beaten by some of the other servants in the kitchen.
They thought he was overstepping himself and stealing from Master Harvel private herb stores.
I seriously doubt that.
I tasted some of his food yesterday.
They were probably jealous of his skills with herbs and foods.
There is a proper order to gaining rank and power in all aspects of the king service.
It is probably why that guard sent you into a maze on your way to training last night.
Kilen had not given much thought to the guard that sent him running about the castle to stumble into the king personal chambers, but it was now brought to the forefront of his mind.
It was still a mystery that he would have to solve.
Was it a spy or a prank against the new weapon bearer.
Never mind, I will deal with Jace later.
He always seems to slink out of my way before I can confront him.
I am too frazzled to finish your training now.
Would you meet me in the king garden for dinner so we can discuss how you can do better against Mary.
I would love to, he said and she smiled.
I like spending time with you.
You remind me of my sister.
You look to be about the same age.
Twilix face turned red all over again and she crossed her arms beneath her chest.
She seemed to be more angered by what Kilen had said then at Jace for taking him away from her training.
A stone of ice formed in front of Kilen feet and Twilix stepped up onto it to meet Kilen eye to eye.
I AM NOT A LITTLE GIRL.
I am wizard Twilix.
If you want me to keep stepping out of my way to help you, you will treat me with more respect.
After all, I have been cleaning up your messes ever since you got here.
Even now, Mary just agreed to check up on your sister because of the arrangement we made.
Try to remember who you are talking to.
Seven oclock in the king gardens.
I will not accept an excuse of misleadings from guards.
DO NOT BE LATE.
Kilen felt about two feet tall at the bombardment from Twilix.
She stomped away through the training yard.
It seemed to Kilen that so many things went the right way for the morning, yet so many things went wrong.
King Atmos, Calvin, Brent, Brandon, and Alex began each day pouring over reports and rumors made by the people under the Earth Realm control.
Today was no different than the last.
The king was looming over maps and asking questions for which there were no answers.
Tell me again what Gortus said about the wizards in the north forest.
The gray, old wizard Calvin spoke, My lord, they did not attack but only defended.
When Gortus demanded they present themselves to the ruling king they denied, saying only, we will not be ruled by a King that cannot follow wizard law.
Which law is it that I cannot follow.
The king had been told this many times and each time he had the same answer.
Brent would answer every time the same way.
Wizard law states that a king must submit any wizard of another element to their people for training.
You, my lord, keep fire wizards locked away and wind wizards you push into northern realms to be forgotten about.
Using a gust of wind to help him, Alexander jumped from his chair onto the middle of the Kings table.
You will not forget about me, even if you choose to push me into the northern forest.
This council seat is where I belong and the fire wizard belongs there.
He pointed to Mary empty seat.
Yet, she is not there and we discuss wars and plots against her realm.
He stood atop the table with his arms crossed, waiting for a reply from the king.
I have no time to respond to you, Alex.
Move now from the table and mind your tongue.
We have matters to discuss and unless you want me to have you removed from the realm right now, you will remain in your seat.
The middle aged wizard with a full beard leaned down in a bow to meet the King face to face.
Then he sprang into a back flip.
A small whirlwind of air in his chair cushioned his landing as if he had eased himself in from standing.
He sat with legs crossed and elbow on the arm of the chair, smiling mockingly at the king.
I have told you all time and time again, I will not send the Fire Realm any more wizards to strengthen their power.
Besides, they do not send their wizards to me.
It is been years since they have had a proper wizard on the council seat here.
None of the council spoke that the king had not sent proper wizards of water and earth to the Fire Realm either.
He knew what laws he violated but refused to answer for them when he was called to.
This was the only realm standing strong in times of chaos bearing down.
The king changed the subject before more broken wizard laws were pointed out.
The evidence of the Fire Realm inside the borders is starting to develop a pattern now that all the scouts and wizards have returned.
We have found several pairs of scouts, each containing at least one wielder.
Most of these had at least two to three people traveling light, avoiding cities, people, and major trade routes.
Brandon and I have come to the conclusion that these parties are searching for supply routes so that they can place the city under siege.
As of right now no siege engines or army of any consequence has been found that would be capable of setting siege to our capital.
So either our guess is wrong or we have missed an army inside our borders.
Any thoughts on those conclusions.
Brandon stood.
He looked exactly like Brent.
He was Brent is older brother, only slightly aged and thicker in body.
He had short hair, and brown eyes.
He almost always wore the green colors of the Earth Realm, where he stood as the earth wizard councilmen.
Brandon was almost twenty years older than his little brother, being born of a different mother.
He cleared his throat, We still have not been able to track these Fire Realm men and have our best trackers on it.
Either they are very good in terrain that they have not been able to train in, or they have all returned to the Fire Realm to report on our nation stability.
Either way, spending additional efforts trying to find them will only be futile.
Calvin spoke up, We are very lucky that weapon bearer and archer were able to take care of one pair.
The pair cannot report back their findings of the land.
King Atmos nodded in agreement with his advisor, How is the boy faring in his training, Water Wizard.
Brent looked questioningly at the king, I have no idea my lord.
I have not spoken to him since you requested for Jace to take over his training.
I was told that Twilix would be training the boy since he showed considerable skill with magic.
You take no interest in his training or well being, Brent.
Why should I, my lord.
He served his purpose in getting the young fire wizard here.
He is a king man now, and out of my responsibility.
I only hope he serves you well, for his sister sake.
Atmos sat in his chair and leaned back into it resting onto one arm.
Calvin directed the conversation back to the Fire Realm, which is why the meeting had been called.
My lord, perhaps we should call back all patrols and move them to the Fire Realm border along the Maltchet Towers.
We should also increase the amount of messengers that travel to and from, so that we hear of any approaching army immediately.
Make it so, advisor.
I will sign that order.
We should have enough recruits to hold Deuterium if an attack comes from inside the land.
At least until we can send for reinforcements from the borders.
Does everyone agree to this.
The wizard council all nodded in agreement, even the crazy wind wizard, Alexander.
Kilen had decided to rest and wait outside the kitchen in the tent set up for soldiers meals.
Crates and stools had been placed along wobbly tables for the large amounts of soldiers that would file through there, three times a day.
The recruits had started to arrive at Deuterium the day after Kilen and his party arrived, and had very quickly became a large army of untrained men.
He found a seat among the soldiers in the middle of the tent and sat down to write some notes in his book.
He corrected sword forms that he needed to adjust, per Jace instructions.
Max also provided notations for him to put in.
Kilen moved on and started to write a chapter on water versus fire magic, types of magic attacks, and defenses and found that his descriptions demonstrated his lack of knowledge.
He would have to ask Twilix for help for that section.
Joahna suggested he could help with a section on fire vs every other type of magic.
Kilen would have to write that later.
He knew that if he was to face Mary again he would have to focus on the types of magic he could use to defend himself.
He wondered how Kara was doing and where they were keeping her.
He thought that maybe he would be able to find out from Twilix at dinner.
Kilen looked up to see Jace and Leroy enter the tent and give Kilen a small wave.
How are you.
I am fine, but the next time I will have my knives ready to teach them a lesson.
I was caught off guard, I just thought that in the kitchen under Master Harvel watch I would not get in any trouble.
I did not think the others would get jealous over having him spend time with me.
I would have liked to have him ignore me when I first got here, but those guys seem to want the attention.
Jace cut them both off, This is all fine conversation for other times.
Leroy, we need you to prepare a Kapal dish for an actual Kapal, and you need to do it for noon meal.
Why do I need to do that.
I was just doing it so that Kilen could keep his stamina up and gain some strength.
The Kapal name is Gortus.
He is the best swordsman in the land, and he has agreed to teach Kilen the sword.
That is, if he thinks your food is authentic enough.
He has not eaten any Kapal meals in years, and has agreed to this if you would provide the meals daily.
I need this to happen to ensure that Kilen is provided the best training possible.
The Kapal training could save his life someday, Leroy.
Will you do it.
Of course.
That is the whole reason I am here.
I will be making four people Kapal dish now.
I will need more herbs in a couple days.
Kilen broke in the conversation, Wait four people.
Yeah, Master Harvel told the King and now I have to start providing him with the meals also.
I think that is why the other servants got angry with me.
None of that matters right now.
Can you provide the meal for Gortus.
The noon meal is only a short time away.
Jace seemed desperate for Kilen to gain Gortus service as a trainer.
If his dad had trained him then his instruction should be good enough for Kilen.
Yeah, I had some in the smoke room all night, There plenty for a couple meals each.
Just let me know where you are going to eat it and I will have it ready.
Jace smiled and patted Leroy on the back, but he must not have been healed fully because he winced at the pattings.
We will eat it here in the mess tent.
I will have Master Harvel have some tables set aside for Gortus.
He likes to eat alone, Jace walked away to find Master Harvel, leaving Kilen and Leroy to talk.
Can you keep up with all the orders of food.
Yeah, no problem as long as I do not get beat up anymore.
Kilen reached into the water vision and inspected Leroy body, seeing the damage that was left for him to heal himself.
He decided that with all the work Leroy would be doing it was all he could do to repay him.
He began the healing process and rejuvenated his energy so that Leroy was whole as if he had a day rest.
Thanks, he smiled and said.
Oh, you need to go out to the archery range.
Bowie impressed some captain and got promoted before training even started.
He in charge of all the training for archery now, and he a sergeant.
I guess it is good to have friends in rank.
He smiled again and started to head toward the kitchen.
Thanks, Leroy.
I will go and see him now.
I just wanted to make sure you were well.
Leroy waved him off and Kilen left the tent.
After his eyes adjusted to the sun now standing halfway up the sky, he saw a large man leading a horse into the training camp.
It was Chit.
Kilen was hoping that he would find some large town so that he could disappear and drink away all the money that he had.
Chitt recognized Kilen, stood straighter, and smiled his intimidating smile.
His eyes spoke that he was exhausted and rode as fast as he could to get there.
Kilen remembered what Twilix had said to Chitt when he was leaving Humbridge.
You go straight to your king and report to the captain of the guard for duty.
Do not stop to drink ale.
Do not stop to doddle with a girl.
If I catch up to you on my way back to the castle you will report to me every day for hard labor until I am satisfied you can follow orders better.
Chit pointed at Kilen, You owe me a sword and youd better have one for me by the end of the day.
The captain of the guard yelled at him to keep moving and keep up with the others that were arriving.
Kilen started to make his way to the archery range.
He wove in and out of the recruits that were pouring into the training yard.
Servants came to fetch horses, packs and other items.
Nurses came to see those that were injured from the journey or had come down with dehydration.
Kilen stopped to heal a couple of boys that seemed too young to be in the army, to help them have a better chance.
They lifted their healed feet or moved unbroken bones and looked around for the reason they had healed so fast.
Kilen only smiled and nodded at them, they smiled back in thanks.
He was usually the person that helped where he could and avoided trouble as much as he could.
He decided that it would probably be best to go ahead and get a sword for Chit so it would not be a problem later.
When he finally arrived at the range, Bowie was in full swing and seemed to be enjoying it.
He was moving from man to man adjusting arm positions, and giving directions to each.
He was lecturing about breathing and how to maximize your stability while aiming.
When he saw Kilen watching him, he jogged right over and had men practicing retrieve their arrows for more volleys.
Well what do you think.
I think this is great.
You could build a horde of archers like the world has never seen.
Kilen smiled, Sorry I missed our session this morning.
Do not worry about it, I heard what you were doing over there with the fire wizard.
I bet a gold crown the whole city could hear what you were doing.
I would not have wanted to be anywhere near that, let alone the one fighting her.
So I understand you did not have a choice, otherwise you would have been here with me.
Kilen nodded, The fire wizard agreed to check up on Kara and oversee her training.
Well, worthy cause then.
Did you come by to get in a bit of training.
I have the range to myself as long as I want, so we can work on your skills whenever you need to.
Bowie waved his arm around in a grand gesture that it was all his.
No, I just heard the latest news about you getting promoted.
I am very proud.
Captain Lorusk came walking up to Bowie.
The training goes well then, Sergeant.
Bowie saluted the captain and then began to report on all the men.
I see improvement in all the ranks.
I will let you know who I think is the best for your recruit is training by the end of the day, sir.
Very well.
Is this the friend of yours that you were going to train.
Bowie nodded.
The captain said, Well, it is a pleasure to finally met you, Weapon Bearer.
I have already heard about you taking on Councilwoman Krape on the training fields.
Very impressive.
Is there any way I can help you out here.
Actually, I do not know the town very well.
Can you suggest somewhere I can buy a good sword.
There another recruit from our hometown and I thought I would pick one up for him.
Sure, the captain pointed at the roofs of the buildings on the far side of the training ground walls.
Those two buildings there are on opposite sides of Reed Street.
Two streets down on that road there is an excellent bladesmith who will probably have what you are looking for.
Bowie spoke when the captain had finished, Kilen, I do not need a sword.
I have my knives if someone gets too close to me, and I do not intend to let them, with the new bow I have.
Kilen looked at Bowie, It is not for you.
It is for Chit.
I owe him a sword since he thought he was going to get mine.
I thought I would end any conflicts and get him his own.
Chit is here.
When did he arrive.
He arrived only moments ago, and he was pretty sure that I owed him a sword.
Now if you gentlemen will excuse me, I have a bladesmith to meet.
Captain Lorusk nodded his head and Bowie returned to his training group who was already letting loose volleys of arrows.
Kilen took two steps away and then leaped to the top of the nearest barracks, ran to its peak and leapt to the top of the wall.
He stood atop the wall a moment, looking around at the town then dropped to the city below.
No one seemed to notice him as he wove his way in and out of the people visiting shops.
He was beginning to look the part of a weapon bearer and felt more comfortable in his armor.
He found the smith building, which was more like a roof with two walls open for letting heat out at either end.
The man was stoking the fire and watching several lengths of metal glow brightly in the red hot coals.
Kilen walked in and started to look over the blades.
He picked up a large sword and found its blade to be very dull.
Hey.
You do not walk into a smith shop and start picking up his things.
You need to ask, boy.
Kilen turned to see the short, wide, bearded man working the fan to heat the coals.
He looked a bit confused when Kilen turned around.
Weapon bearer.
Kilen shook his head yes and the man went back to heating the coals.
If you want a sword, I suppose that one will do, but I think it is a bit large for your arm.
You had better go with one the length of your other sword there, he said pointing at Kilen sword.
The blade I need is for another man.
He is much stronger than me.
Well it has more to do than with a person strength to choose the right blade.
Tell me how tall he is, how wide, and just how he fights.
Kilen tried to think of the times he had seen Chit fight people in the tavern back at Humbridge.
Max chimed in after seeing Kilen memories, Tell him Chit is size, and tell him he fights recklessly without regard to his own defense.
Kilen repeated what Max said to the smith and added his size.
Well, youd be about right then.
I would recommend the blade you chose.
Maybe a bit wider blade, and if he that tall Id add a couple inches.
If you are interested it would be fifteen silver crowns but I will have it done before evening meal time if I start right now.
That sounds great.
Kilen passed him two gold crowns and two silver crowns.
I request that you work some silver into the hilt and maybe the letter C for me.
I think he would like that.
The smith looked at the money in his palm and was astounded by the amount he had received.
It was more than double what he had asked for.
Any more special requests for the blade my lord.
Well, I wanted the sword to speak to others to tell them just who the man is, so that when they saw his sword they would know everything about him.
Ok, I can do that.
Tell me about him so I can make the proper adjustments, the smith smiled when he said that.
Chit is the mayor spoiled son, but he does not rely on that to get what he wants.
He larger and meaner than anyone else in the village.
He drinks all night, sleeps all day, and tries to claim every woman for himself.
He thoughtless and greedy, not to mention he can not add, read a map, and his only true skill is intimidating his fellow townsmen.
I think I have enough to work with, lad, He smiled a big smile.
I will have it done before dinner.
It will be worth the price that you paid for it.
Kilen shook the man hand and left to make his way back towards the castle.
Then he remembered that Leroy would need more herbs if he was to keep making so much food.
He did need to see Izabel again, anyway.
He turned and made his way through the streets until he came to the herbalist is shop which was still full of green herbs.
There was a line of people standing outside the shop and as Kilen watched some would exit with baskets filled with herbs, and smiles on their faces.
Izabel stepped out to wave the next customer inside and saw Kilen standing across the street watching.
She waved him over.
Come inside.
There an extra stool behind the counter.
Sit there and I will be with you shortly.
She motioned the next customers, inside the shop and locked the door behind them.
Sorry about all the precautions.
I just have so much I cannot keep track of all the people that come in and out.
I saw a young boy running off with some dangerous leaves and thought it was wise to slow the amount of people coming and going.
Her voice was light.
She still floated around the shop in her slippers and wore a similarly cut dress that exposed too much bosom for Kilen liking.
She did not ask the couple that came in what they needed.
She just moved from plant to plant, collecting leaves here and seed there, roots from some and flowers from others.
She did not remove the cloth from her scale or even weigh the amount she placed in their basket.
The usual amount should be enough.
I seem to have an abundance as of late and it will only go bad if keep it.
So take this and use it well.
The elderly couple thanked her profusely and left, holding the basket as if there was a child inside.
She shut the door behind them and locked it after she told the other customers to come back after lunch.
Thank you for waiting.
I am glad you kept your word but I still have to much here to sell before the plants go bad.
Can I get you to come back later in the week or perhaps next week.
That is fine.
Actually, I need more of the herbs that my friend came for last time.
I cannot remember what we bought from you.
I will give you want you need.
After all, I have an abundance here.
I did not catch your name the last time you were here.
She moved around the shelves and picked a larger amount than they had bought previously.
Her exposed cleavage made Kilen nervous.
He felt that he was going to get slapped at any moment for glancing at her chest.
He did his best to meet her eyes every time she was facing his direction.
Concentrating on not looking made it hard to talk with any intelligence, Uhm my name is Kilen.
My friend name is Leroy and he from Keepers.
I know where Keepers is, although I have never been there myself.
I heard that most of that city remains underwater.
Where are you from Kilen.
I am from Humbridge in the Water Realm.
It is just south of the northern forest.
How much will I owe you for the herbs.
You made them grow, so I will not charge you anything.
Just remember to come back and visit every once and awhile.
I have a lot of customers that could use the cheap herbs.
I will.
Can I ask you a few things before I go.
Izabel tapped a dirty fingernail against her chin and straightened her hair while she spoke.
Go ahead and ask but do not expect an answer.
I will only answer questions I feel comfortable with.
Kilen nodded and made sure to keep his questions to any topic that did not directly involve her.
When we were here last time, you cast lots for us and you seemed a little disturbed by my casting.
What did you see.
Izabel reached under her counter and poured a bag of small bones out into her hand.
She examined the bones in an open palm then began the casting ritual with her face towards the sky and then she tossed them onto the countertop.
This is the fourth time I have cast this pattern with you.
In my past I have always cast the bones and never gotten the same results more than twice.
I found it very strange, so I did some research on what laid on the counter after you left.
She pulled a purple book from underneath the countertop and began flipping through the pages.
Each interpretation I can find about your casting says that you are important, but not to whom or why.
It also says that you are very dangerous if crossed.
That is why I gave you the herbs you wanted.
Although the fear has left me now, I think that you may be important to me in some way.
Joahna spoke up, She wrong.
It says you are a savior.
But she right stating that it does not say for who or where.
This casting is very hard to interpret.
Each manual like the one she has can have different meanings for the castings.
Kilen spoke out loud to Joahna before he could stop himself.
What if you are wrong.
She smiled and put the bones back inside her sack and placed the book and bones under the counter.
I could definitely be wrong.
I have only dabbled in it to help find honest people in my dealings.
I have never seen the same casting four times in a row on the same person though, so I do not think I am wrong.
Do you have any more questions.
I could also be wrong, but I can only speak of what I was taught.
That casting has a different meaning for me.
We will discuss it later.
Kilen stood still, confused about the two different versions of the castings.
I think that is all for now.
I will try and come back before you run yourself out of supplies.
Oh, do not worry.
They cannot afford much.
The herbs I sell them keep my store running.
I make no profit unless I sell to someone outside my normal customers like you, for example.
My customers usually do not make much and depend on the herbs to keep going from day to day.
They use it to stop pain or aches, or allow them to keep their food down.
Some have wives or loved ones that cannot eat normal food so they give them nutritious broth made from my herbs.
I help the elderly or the lame of this city to live as much life as they can.
Izabel put the herbs in a small canvas sack and handed it to Kilen.
Remember to come back later this week and bring your friend with you.
He might want to adjust the order.
Besides, when he stares at me at least he lets me know he likes what he sees.
Kilen face felt hot from embarrassment and he knew that he was turning red.
He turned and left the store without saying another word.
In the street Kilen noticed that a line had formed again outside the storefront and old Tom from the castle was at the front of the line.
The elderly man looked up and caught Kilen eye.
They nodded to each other and Kilen turned to make his way back to the castle.
He walked along the street and jumped over the wall again to avoid the guards at the front gate.
He moved to the meal tents near the kitchen.
When he entered the tent for weapon bearers, Jace saw him and waved him over.
Gortus, Jace, and Leroy all sat at a table together.
Gortus was smiling and digging into a second plate of thin meat slices covered in brown gravy.
Leroy got up and moved towards him as he neared.
That was meant for you but he could not resist eating yours also.
I will fetch some chicken I had made just in case.
Kilen nodded then handed the bag of herbs to Leroy.
Great.
If he continues to eat like this I will need every spice left in the city to feed him for the rest of your training.
Sit down.
I will bring out your meal in a moment.
Leroy hurried through the tables and disappeared outside the tent.
Kilen did just as Leroy had said and pulled out his book to read as he waited for Gortus to finish eating.
Finally Jace spoke over Gortus open mouth chewing and ripping of cooked flesh from his fingertips.
I do think that by the lack of your words, Gortus.
Leroy has come through with his apart of the bargain.
If that is true then you will provide training for the boy, am I correct.
Gortus stopped eating for only long enough to grunt an agreement to the terms, then kept chewing his food.
Jace, satisfied, leaned back in his chair and began telling Gortus about Kilen lack of skill.
He pointed out every flaw in the way Kilen fought, He is ungraceful, has lead weight for feet.
His arm lacks the skill for a proper swing and is too weak to pick up a decent sword without magic.
He does not bend his knees and he is too impulsive, not knowing the proper counter attack or attack to provide the most damage.
Max was laughing and agreeing with everything Jace had mentioned and added a couple of flaws of his own.
He thinks too slow and is afraid to take risks, Max shouted as if the others could hear him.
I think too slow and I take little risk, he spoke for Max, because the others could not hear him.
Jace looked over the table and Gortus stopped chewing to look at Kilen in confusion.
So I have heard, he added just to keep anyone from questioning him about the source.
Gortus spoke through his last few bites of meat with small pieces of food and spittle coming out with the words.
You will meet me at the sword arena every moment of your day that you do not have other lessons, from sunrise to sunset.
You will devote yourself wholly to the lessons.
You will not stop until I tell you.
You will not rest until I tell you.
You will not quit once we have begun or I will kill you.
Kilen looked between the two warriors on the other side of the table.
Jace gave no hint of what he was supposed to do.
I agree.
I will give it my total focus, he finally said in return.
Jace shook Kilen hand and smiled in approval of his decision.
Kilen knew that in Jace mind it was the only one he could make and continue the training as a scout.
He needed to be the best and Gortus was the best.
Leroy dropped a plate of chicken with spiced rice and vegetables in front of him.
Gortus reached over, took a drumstick and began eating it.
Remember, every moment that you are not getting lessons, starting tomorrow morning.
I will wait for you in the sword arenas.
The short muscular man in black armor strode off eating the drumstick, with others tripping over themselves to get out of the way.
Follow every rule and do not give upever.
The lessons will get easier as you go along, but only if you push yourself to your limit every day.
Jace let the words sink in as Kilen slowly ate his plate of spicy chicken and rice, a bite of bread after every bite of meat.
I will keep an eye on you, and if you are too tired to continue I will do my best to get you into some other training to rest.
Thank you, but I do not think that it would be wise to pull me out.
I think I will have enough other classes to keep me busy.
I am sure I will have to use every minute I can with Gortus to become the swordsmen you want me to become.
We will help you, both men in his head said confidently.
Kilen I like your attitude.
I can only hope that you continue to think this way by noon tomorrow.
With that, Jace chuckled and left the tent laughing, leaving Kilen to finish his meal in peace.
Kilen pulled out his book and started reading over recipes and medicine formulas given to him by Leroy.
Kilen could always get lost in a book, even his own.
Before he knew it the afternoon had passed and it was only a couple hours away from his dinner with Twilix.
He closed his book and jogged to meet the swordsmith and collect Chit is sword.
When he arrived, the shop was quiet except for the smooth sound of a polishing stone against metal.
The smith smiled and polished over a couple more spots before he held up the large sword and handed it to Kilen.
I think it is one of my finest pieces of manure to date.
He chuckled as Kilen looked it over.
The blade was long, smooth, and polished.
The cross guard was made of two animal heads facing in two directions constructed of fine polished silver.
The leather handle was traced with a line of highly polished steel and topped off with a steel ball at the end.
Kilen started to look closer at the animal heads and they resembled horse heads but the necks were too fat and the teeth too squared.
I made them Jackass, so that everyone who meets him will know his makeup.
Stubborn, selfish, and tough all rolled into one.
If he is as smart as you say he is, I bet he will think they are stallions.
Thank you, it will do nicely.
I do not think I could have picked a better animal to represent him.
Thank you again.
Kilen handled the sword smoothly as not to scratch it and placed it in a burlap cloth to protect it.
He tied it with some string and carried it back to the castle to get ready for his dinner with Twilix.
He smelled of the fight with Mary and still needed to clean the dirt from his fingernails.
As he made his way he was fortunate to see Chit falling out of a bar.
Kilen decided that this was as good a time as any to give him the sword.
Kilen kept his hand on his hilt as he always did and handed the sword still in the burlap to Chit, who was drunk crawling, on all fours in the street.
Chit with, bloodshot eyes, looked up and finally recognized Kilen standing over him.
He stood, slowly regaining his balance and snatched the sword from Kilen, letting the weight throw him off balance.
It probably looked light in Kilen magically strengthened hands.
When he regained his balance he unwrapped it.
He was impressed by the blade.
Good thing for you, I like it, Chit pushed Kilen out of the way.
Kilen let him, moving to the side freely.
Stay out of my way in the training and pray you do not become my sparring partner.
Kilen smiled, knowing that he would not encounter Chit.
The next time Chit wanted to spar, he would be ready to face him.
Kilen walked his normal path to the training ground wall to jump over.
He could hear Chit walking nearby streets dragging his new blade along the ground to steady himself.
Kilen was sure that his behavior would be seen as less than reputable to his trainers.
Kilen pushed thoughts of Chit from his mind and leapt over the wall.
He made his way to the barracks and washed himself in the wash stand.
He put on some clean clothes and strapped back on his sword and armor.
He noticed that his broken shield had made its way back to the room and still had broken straps.
He knew that he would have to get it fixed another time.
This time he asked the same guard for instructions and received another answer than before, still not the correct instructions.
Kilen wandered the corridors until he found a servant and then asked for them to take him to the gardens.
He arrived and the doors to the gardens hung open.
There was a slight smell of flowers in the air.
Not knowing what training Twilix had in store for this evening, he kept his hand on the sword and pushed the water vision as far as he could.
Soon he walked up to a table where Twilix sat alone across from an empty chair.
The table was void of any items where she sat reading a book.
Kilen rounded the plants and brought her and the table into his normal view.
He felt very underdressed, Twilix sat reading with her hair braided into a long braid.
It hung over her shoulder and down in front of her.
She twirled the end around her finger as she read.
She wore a shimmering yellow dress made of a very thin material.
It clung to every curve of her body.
Suddenly he viewed the girl as a woman, and as she really was.
Her body had not come of age to develop the features of a full woman, but looking at her in the late evening sunlight Kilen knew he could see the woman inside the child body.
Max and Joahna both whistled inside his mind.
He stood beside the table, unsure what he was supposed to do.
Have a seat Kilen, She continued to read as he sat across from her trying to see her as her true self.
I hope you do not mind, I thought you could use a break from meals with soldiers and have a night of civility before your training starts.
Thank you for the invitation, Wizard Twilix, She cut him off before he could finish his sentence.
Twilix tonight, Kilen.
I will have no rank or barriers at this table tonight.
You will treat me as any other girl from your village.
I do not know if I know how to do that, Twilix looked up from her book already turning red.
Kilen immediately knew that she thought he had meant because she looked so young.
I mean I have never eaten dinner with a girl in such a setting and I feel a bit underdressed.
Uhm, it might make me feel better if you tell me how old you really are.
Twilix sat looking at Kilen.
She visibly relaxed and the anger on her face was replaced by curiosity.
Kilen, I know you are from a small town but some consider it rude to ask a wizard their age.
It is a secret that wizards use to keep their enemies guessing at their wisdom, experience, or skills.
She paused, I did not ask you here to teach you about wizard rules or abilities.
I apologize.
I will tell you my true age.
I am nineteen years old.
Only one year older than yourself, if I have heard correctly.
Kilen paused and tried to trick his mind into seeing a girl of the correct age sitting across from him.
He then became more nervous, knowing that a girl that should have been courted and married sat across from him and had invited him to dinner.
He found himself gazing at the book she had stopped reading and left on the table.
Well, at least it makes sense now how you can read that book.
I found it very scary when I tried to read it at thirteen.
I think it was the only book in my village that I did not finish.
Her eyes brightened and she picked up the book opening the pages.
I do not think I have ever met a man who has enjoyed reading.
Of course, I am reading it for research purposes.
Research.
I thought it was a book to scare its readers, or to be told to children in order to scare them into behaving when they were little.
A book to give you nightmares and fear of losing loved ones.
Oh I have no doubt that it was used for such purposes, but it is actually a mostly true story.
Some of its pages are false because the writer had no way of knowing what truly happened.
The story is about a soul wizard and their power over others.
SOUL WIZARD., Joahna voice exploded in his mind.
She talking about soul wizards and we did not even have to try.
Kilen, focus.
You need to learn all that you can from her.
If you can gain information, we might be able to end this sooner than we thought.
Careful now boy.
Joahna was once again a determined and focused knot in the back of his brain.
Soul Wizards.
I have never heard of them.
It sounds made up, like the dark army or the pirates of Nebas.
Oh no, soul wizards are very real.
Actually soul wizards created the dark army.
So in fact, they are both real.
Am I going to meet a soul wizard or train against one.
I ask because this is the first I have heard of them.
I have no idea how to fight them or what they can use against me.
I did not even finish that book.
Max was a nervous and anxious spot in his mind the two were not helping by letting their emotions be shown to Kilen.
His emotions began to reflect those of the men in him.
Very good question, Keep at it.
I can teach you what I know of them.
I am not sure how helpful it will be though.
She shrugged and sighed, giving in to teaching Kilen on their night of civility.
A soul wizard is somewhat of a leech.
They use their power to tear the soul from the body and consume it to revitalize their own age and grow younger.
When that happens, the victim body becomes a hollow husk of a person and obeys their wizard commands.
This action happens only by choice and very painful experience.
The dark army was created by a soul wizard that would convince people their only way to live was to serve the wizard, and then allow them to rip their soul from their body.
The army grew and brought more and more victims until the Brights saved us.
Which is where the Brights got their name.
They arrived and out shone the dark army.
I am sure you have heard of them.
Yeah that is just as scary as I remember it.
Are there any soul wizards that I will be training with, or how will I know what to do If I encounter one.
They are very rare Kilen.
I would assume that tearing someone soul from their body would have to be a very conscious effort, unlike most of the other types of wizards.
I doubt most people go around trying to rip someone soul from others to see if they are a soul wizard, which could be why people only think of them as legends.
She tapped her fingers on her chin deep in thought, There might even be some among us that will never know because they are too kind hearted to try and tear someone soul away.
Twilix sat staring at the table top deep in thought.
Ask now, it might be your only chance.
Joahna urged.
Is there a way to put someone soul back inside their body after it has been ripped away.
Twilix woke from her deep thought and took a second to contemplate the answer.
I do not know, Kilen.
Remember, I am on a quest to find out more about them myself.
If I am going to live to be one hundred or more I might encounter one someday.
Until then I will prepare for that meeting.
Joahna and Max were both disappointed at the answer but Kilen stayed focused on the problem.
Are there other types of wizards, like the soul wizards that I have not been told about.
Twilix smiled.
She seemed to be happy talking about things that were not so dark.
Yes, actually.
There are the Brights which some believe to be gods and some think are their own type of wizard.
Then there are Spirit wizards, which I have only heard little about.
Kilen smiled at the fresh information and the others perked up inside him again.
What is a spirit wizard.
Well what I have heard is said to be a crazy man ramblings.
There was a king in the Wind Realm that found a man who said he could talk to people who were dead.
When the queen died he had the spirit wizard stand outside her bedroom and when she spoke her last words she whispered regrets to her husband the king.
After she had passed and had long been buried, the spirit wizard who was outside the dying queen chamber could recite the things she had said.
He could recall moments of her life with such vivid detail that the King was convinced that her spirit existed inside of the man.
The kingdom thought the man was crazy.
They thought the King was lonely and would believe anything to be with his wife.
The King was convinced that the man could talk to his dead wife and so the man convinced the King to kill himself so that the king and his wife could be together inside of him.
The king called a crowd in the grand hall and killed himself, declaring that he would live on with his wife forever.
The man was killed with others that betrayed the King in helping him commit suicide.
Each person took their turn to lose their head on the axe man block.
After each person was killed, the man began calling out to people in the crowd from the last victims life and recounting the smallest detail.
When the last man had his head severed, the wizard began recalling that he had just been killed by his own brother, the axe man.
He spoke to him about their childhood and details that had been forgotten.
The axe man put down his axe and refused to kill his brother a second time.
The crowd became riled and another man stepped forward to kill the wizard, but he too had been affected by one victims.
Each in turn stepped forward to learn that the man could remember the smallest detail about each person present.
It continued until the man was unable to speak.
He was then placed in the dungeon to die with the spirits that he had in his head.
He began to wonder if she would think he was just as crazy as the man in the story if he told her about the men in his head.
He thought to himself that today was not the day to tell her.
He would have to seek out more knowledge from someone else before telling her.
A servant came through the garden carrying two plates of food and laid them on the table.
I heard you were on a strict training diet when I sent for this to be brought up, so I had an extra plate made for myself.
Kilen smiled a bit, It is a bit spicy if you are not use to it.
The tarts help with the heat, though.
It was too late.
Twilix had taken a substantial bite and began coughing and sputtering behind her napkin.
She tried to maintain her decorum as much as possible.
Kilen stood and handed her a tart and hid a smile as she tried to drink the heat away.
He now knew why Leroy had been laughing at his first taste.
Finally she accepted the tart.
Kara had attempted several times to hold back the flames.
She wanted to release it when one of those men opened the hole at the bottom of her door to put in lunch.
The meal would never come when she was awake and flaming.
She lay quiet on her metal bed.
Theyd put herbs in her food to make her sleep.
She awoke cramped every time she woke from them.
The bed made her angry.
She shut her eyes and tried to think of something calming, but when she did she saw her brother letting the King cart her away.
A small flame trickled up the side of her foot.
They would know she was burning.
They would know she was awake.
They would smell the smoke through the cracks in the door, and they would come to spray ice and water on her that made her freeze in the dungeon cell.
She tried to calm herself by breathing evenly and she heard the key in the lock.
They only opened the door to put her back in bed after they had shot that icy water through the cell window.
This might be her chance.
Her first chance at revenge, if she could only hold back the flames a little longer.
The door creaked open to admit a woman with shoulder length black hair.
The woman wore a little to nothing all black leather outfit.
Kara knew they had sent a torturer to her room, someone that would make her feel pain until they got whatever they wanted.
She would not let them torture her.
Kara jumped up to her feet and the woman did not move as the flames came to life around her.
Kara lashed out, throwing flames off her body.
The woman held up a hand and the flames were averted to the ceiling and disappeared into finger sized holes all over it.
Kara had not noticed those holes before.
She pushed the flames harder.
The torrent of white hot flames licked the walls and bed that was hanging from chains out of the wall.
The metal turned a yellow glow, but the woman was untouched.
Kara did not want the wet or the cold so she pushed harder, but the woman stood in the doorway, holding her hand, palm forward, defiantly mocking Kara effort.
The flames shot through the holes in the ceiling and finally Kara started to panic.
Sweat started to form on her forehead as she fought the only way she knew how.
She thought no, I know of another way to fight.
She stepped forward, swinging her hand at the defiant woman.
The defiant woman moved to easily swipe it to the side and her hand landed a slap to the side of Kara face.
Her head rung as she fell to the stone floor, still warm from the flames.
Kara backed into the far corner and scrambled to her feet.
The woman still stood in the doorway, hand at her side, standing not smiling or fighting in any way.
Kara still knew why she was there and would not give in without landing a blow.
Kara held up a shaking hand, focusing the flame and heat, pushing as hard as she could.
A flicker of flame and spark sputtered in the air and smoke rose slowly from her hand.
She pushed hard but only the smoke came.
The woman started to walk around the room, Please sit down, Kara.
Thank you for the warm welcome.
Kara was now scared, the woman was thanking her.
She had put everything she had into attacking the woman but was unable to affect her at all.
The flames did not even touch her skin.
She was glad she had not attempted with the men in the hallway.
She sat as she was told, not having any way of fighting back against her torturer.
Kara, your brother convinced me I was supposed to help you learn to control your anger.
He told me I was supposed to check on you and keep you safe.
Kara started to feel the anger rise in her neck but the heat did not come as it would normally.
Why would my brother do that.
He put me in this cell.
The woman smiled, This used to be my home.
Well, it was where I lived until I could control myself.
My name is Mary and this is not a cell.
It is my home, or it was.
Mary moved to sit beside Kara on the metal bed.
You will stay here until you are safe enough to be around others.
Wizards will test you when you think you are ready.
I might even be one of them, but remember you are here for the safety of others.
Where exactly am I.
Kara looked around the cement walls.
She had been unable to stay calm enough to really get a good look at.
You are under the castle, Mary pointed to the ceiling.
Those holes up there actually split and carry your heat to all areas of the castle.
Giving comfort to those inside and providing hot ovens for the kitchen, even heating bath water for the nobles.
I think with the amount of heat you just put through them that they might be in for some surprises when they put their feet in their morning baths.
Kara smiled at the thought of providing revenge to those keeping her in such a place, and Mary smiled with her.
Your clothes look a little dirty.
Have you been in them for some time.
My brother put me in this dress just before he brought me to the king.
I have been in them ever since.
The dress she wore was burnt on the edges and was starting to have holes from the flames she was using every time she woke.
It was becoming as indecent as the cloths Mary was wearing.
I have some clothes like mine in the hallway.
I will bring them in before I leave and some food for you also.
I will not wear those.
It just is not right for a woman to parade around in something sorevealing.
I have some I took off, in the corner over there.
Mary smiled, These clothes are made of leather and will not burn away in a battle leaving you naked for all to see.
They stay close to the body and do not over heat.
One day you will face the truth that you will not be able to wear regular clothes.
A fire wizard can go naked in a fight, or they can wear tight fitting leather.
She smiled as she retrieved the leather clothes from the hallway, I have heard that these are the latest in fashion in the Fire Realm, also.
I will think about putting them on, Kara held up the bodice and frowned at it.
Think on it hard.
The clothes you are wearing will soon burn up, leaving the men in the hallway to look on you fully.
I had to learn the hard way.
Good thing your brother convinced me to help you.
How exactly did my brother convince you.
She remembered her brother found it difficult to talk to any woman with any amount of skin showing, let alone a woman in leather underclothes flouncing about.
Well, he fought me and he won.
It was quite a feat.
She got up and moved to the door and got a tray from the hallway with chicken, bread, and cheeses.
Kara mouth started to water.
She had eaten broth for almost every meal since Humbridge.
The last new weapon bearer I fought died rather quickly.
I always win except for when I fight Twilix.
You are brother has volunteered to continue fighting me.
Why do you want to fight my brother.
She did not know whether or not she like Mary or if she was a friend or an enemy.
I do not want to fight him.
Well, not because I dislike him.
Let me explain it this way, you should know by now, we are fire wizards.
When we use up our energy in the violence of flame, our emotions are more under our control.
Your brother fights me to help me expend my energy and afterwards I can safely venture into town without putting others in danger of an angry outburst.
The king requires of it of me for the safety of his town.
There are only so many people that will fight me.
Lately I have only gotten one trip into town in the last three weeks.
Your brother bravely provided that trip for me.
Mary sat looking at the folded arms in her lap, This is your cell.
The castle grounds are now mine and will be yours if you learn to control yourself better.
In the meantime, if you make progress in controlling yourself you will be provided more furniture, better meals, and even a mattress.
Learn everyday how to hold your anger at bay, releasing it where you want and how you want.
Do not let the anger control you.
How am I supposed to do that.
Even the smallest thing makes me so mad I can not control myself.
Then I just lash out at anything and everything, She held her head in her hands and cried.
Just try and remember the castle wants you to get mad and create heat.
Then remember that the more you focus into one of those small holes it will affect the castles population in one way or another.
If you want revenge for being stuck down here, use it on the proper people.
Pick the right hole and you might just find the King bath water, evening meal, or even make him swelter in his room.
Both girls smiled at that.
Mary stood and shot a stream of flame up a single hole by pointing her finger at it.
She smiled as she left and closed the door behind her.
I will be back, so try not to attack everyone that comes through the door.
Kilen woke to Leroy entering the room with another covered plate.
He looked out the window and saw that the sun had not risen but the light had started to show along the horizon.
Ted wrote down something in his ledger as he passed Kilen door.
Kilen sat at the desk and started to eat right away, wanting his stomach to settle before he started his training for the day.
It was hard boiled eggs, two thick slices of spiced ham, and plenty of bread to cool the mouth.
Leroy was already busy at work picking up Kilen strewn clothes.
He had gotten in very late, staying up talking to Twilix far into the night about past times at Humbridge and mischief Bowie had gotten into.
Although he was still reminded of his little sister, he had learned that her personality was similar to those his own age.
Leroy noticed that Kilen fork had stopped moving, If you are going to make it to the training fields you better hurry up and choke that down.
Kilen snapped back to reality and started to chow down, waiting until he was completely done with the ham and eggs before cooling his mouth on the bread.
His mouth burned as he got up and pulled on his pants.
Leroy was handing him clothing and armor as he hurried to keep putting them on.
Kilen grabbed the last piece of bread and put it in his mouth before walking out of the room.
He would have to learn to get to bed earlier if he was going to keep up this schedule.
Gortus was squatting with his blade laid on the ground in front of him when Kilen found him in the dim morning light.
He walked up and when Gortus said nothing he squatted beside him.
A few birds talked back and forth in the city on the other side of the ground walls.
Otherwise, the morning was silent as nothing else was up and out this early.
Gortus whispered as if honoring the quietness, Every morning we begin anew.
Thanking god, which ever you worship, for allowing us to fight another day.
Gortus bowed his head and Kilen did the same, Oh god, thank thee for the morning, for the blade by which we live this life.
Let us forever be strong, swift, and let our blades be true.
Gortus stood and sheathed his massive sword on his back.
Kilen followed.
I have spent the last couple days thinking about how to train a weak lander how to fight.
The problem is, we Kapal trained to fight since we could crawl.
We train our muscles in everything we do, and yet you can not even hold up a shield unless you have magic to help you use it.
So I finally came up with the training you need.
We will have to start from the beginning, like training a baby.
First you will have to promise again, that you will do everything I ask, that you will not quit, and you will give it everything you have.
Kilen was faced with the decision again but he had already promised once.
He would not go against his word now.
The determination was his own and not the earth magic.
Somehow deep inside him he felt the difference.
I agree to your terms.
I promise I will do what you ask.
I promise I will not quit.
I promise that I will give it my all.
What shall I call you.
Gortus smiled, revealing his pointed teeth, Master, for now.
Gortus turned to walk to the edge of the sword arena.
The particular arena he had chosen was in the center of all the arena.
Soon all the men would be a witness to how bad a swordsmen Kilen really was.
Lay down on your stomach.
Kilen looked at Gortus questioningly and then slowly got down onto his stomach, lying in the graveled dirt.
Today you are a baby that has just learned to crawl, and so you must.
You will crawl in all that you do today.
You will do nothing other than what I tell you, my child.
You cannot talk to others.
You cannot eat unless I tell you, and you certainly cannot wield magic, so take off your rings.
You will begin crawling around the outside of this arena until I tell you to stop.
Begin your training.
I will be here with you.
Do not fear, my child.
Kilen took off the rings and tucked them into his coin pouch.
He began crawling across the ground.
It was a dry light brown dirt with pebbles and small rocks throughout.
Kilen began to think the training was ridiculous, but he was glad that he was doing it early, before anyone would see.
No, you must crawl.
Put your stomach on the ground, you are not an infant.
You are a newborn, too weak to pick yourself up.
You will only drag your body on the ground.
Now start crawling again.
Gortus went to the center of the ring and squatted again on the balls of his feet.
Kilen started again remembering not to pick his body off the ground.
He pulled himself along the ground using his fingers to dig into the dirt.
The rocks under the top layer of dirt were pulled up as Kilen dug.
They then scraped against his breastplate making it easier to pull himself as his slid easily over them.
When the rocks made it to his waist he pulled his legs over the rocks and they began digging into the flesh.
He had made his way a quarter of the way around the arena and began to slow, trying not to dig up so many rocks.
Gortus got up from his spot in the middle and came to whisper into the morning again.
You must not slow down.
You can only reach the next age when you have learned enough about the age you are in.
He once again went to the center and resumed his squatting position.
Kilen took the instructions to heart and laid his body on the ground.
He opened his legs and exposed his thighs to the ground to be able to push with his feet.
He began moving faster and feeling each pebble and stone as it scraped his arms, fingers, and now the inside of his thighs.
He made three complete circuits of the arenas before the first person walked by and laughed.
He knew that more would come before the day was over.
He tried to ignore the taunting.
He knew that he was not allowed to speak to anyone anyway.
That skill was beyond his age.
I have no idea what type of training this is.
I have never been trained to crawl.
Max sounded confused at the pointless training.
He must do as the man asked, perhaps we can distract him from the discomforts, Joahna countered.
Most of the time Kilen was happy the two men were silent, but he was happy to have the distraction of the voices.
Max and I discussed what we learned from Twilix after you had gone to sleep.
We have concluded that you are a spirit wizard as far as we can tell.
We must adjust our questioning to that.
The key was the description of the soul wizard.
Our bodies are dead and our spirits were not consumed.
Although our bodies deaths were painful, we did not have a choice to give up our soul.
Max explained as though he was still trying to convince himself.
We will have to ask more wizards about spirit wizards to be able to determine the truth.
The problem is if there are only a couple recorded instances of soul wizards or spirit wizards the truth becomes hard to come about.
Joahna paused for a moment, The elder wizards may know more about these types of wizards, since they have been around longer.
It will be difficult finding them.
Elder wizards.
Kilen asked out loud before he caught himself.
The act of speaking was responded with a boot in his back pushing him in the earth.
Keep going and remember to remain silent, my child.
You cannot grow too fast.
I will make sure of it, Gortus voice spoke as though it was a warning to be heeded.
The extra weight of the man on Kilen back only lasted for a few lengths of his drag but the effect was devastating.
The rocks in the dirt dug into Kilen pants, cutting them in small jagged cuts.
His flesh was now exposed to the rocks in the ground.
After exacting the damage to Kilen, Gortus once again assumed his squatted position.
Kilen dragged himself a few more lengths before Joahna started speaking again.
The elder wizards are just that, wizards that have stopped serving kings in the later years of their life.
They collect and keep knowledge and skills of great wizards.
They maintain the wizard true history, and because of that they remain in solitude.
We will have to search hard to find them.
Their location is hidden even from wizards themselves.
I was told that it was a journey that each wizard would have to decide when and if to take.
I am sure they would have the answers we seek, if we can not find the answers here.
Kilen wanted to ask them why they had not mentioned it before, or how were they supposed to find the elder wizards, but did not want another boot in his back.
A couple hours had passed and Kilen legs were cramping and starting to ache at the joints.
He kept crawling as his muscles felt weak.
He had no idea that the muscles he used to crawl would take so much effort.
Crawling seemed to take less effort for children.
Kilen heard Jace speaking to Gortus in hushed tones, What is this supposed to teach him, discipline, character, humility, or just to follow orders.
You wanted me to train him, this is how I will train him.
It is how I was trained.
If you want to watch I will allow it but you will not question the methods of my people.
He will be a warrior if he continues to obey my orders.
Jace sat on the dirt and started to sharpen a dagger on a wet stone.
Kilen could barely make out his features.
Dirt had mixed with sweat and stung his eyes to where he rarely opened them.
The sun was more than half way in the sky.
He had been crawling for hours.
The thought reinvigorated his mind.
It steeled him to get to the next age in his training.
He wanted to crawl.
He pushed harder and began to move faster despite the pain in his thighs.
He pushed forward and pulled with his arms in alternating patterns to allow him to use both muscles so that he would last longer, he had no idea how long he would be crawling.
A short time later, Gortus rose and poured water over Kilen face.
The sweat and dirt was washed from his face and he was still looking at Gortus black boots.
You push hard child.
I give you water for your effort.
Soon you will come of age.
The water trickled over Kilen cracked lips.
He drank as much as he could, sucking the water into his mouth with air.
When Gortus returned to his spot in the middle Kilen could see a two sets of feet below two dresses, one green and one blue.
He began to crawl again and heard Twilix speak.
This is your training.
You let him bleed on the ground.
Let me heal him so that he can continue, she demanded of Gortus.
Kilen heard Gortus unsheathe his blade as Twilix tried to cross the arena.
He is mine to train.
He agreed to follow my commands.
You dishonor him by trying to heal him.
He must take the growing pains and the scars of age.
You have no power here, wizard.
Take Mary and leave me to my training.
If you wish to play fire against him you will have to do so another time.
Today his is learning to become a man.
If he continues he will die.
Look how he bleeds.
Have you trained anyone before, Gortus.
Gortus lowered his sword from Twilix chest, He is the first I have trained.
If he dies, it is because of the weaknesses of this land.
It would be a shame to have him die.
When I was trained like this I complained twice as much as he does.
Leave us and when he needs healing I will send for you.
Twilix crossed her arms as Kilen continued to pull his way around the arena.
The wizard girl stood defiantly in front of the Kapal man, staring into his eyes even as Kilen dragged his body in between them.
When Kilen had finally passed between them, Twilix stomped off.
Jace, you know better to let this continue, she said over her shoulder.
Mary seemed to comfort Twilix as they headed back to the castle from where they came.
The day continued on with little to note.
Leroy came with meals that were poured into Kilen mouth and head feed by Gortus as he continued to crawl.
Nothing stopped the painful dragging against the rocks and now moist dirt.
Kilen muscles burned and ached and he continued until he no longer felt the sun on his face.
Stop my child, that was all Gortus said, but the words were sweet, ringing in Kilen ears.
The rhythm of the dragging had been ingrained into his mind.
He continued without thinking or knowing where he was.
He only knew that he was living in pain and suffering.
Gortus helped Kilen to his feet and put Kilen arm around his neck, carrying him.
Jace helped on the other side.
You have to walk now, but only a short way.
Your bed awaits you now Kilen.
You are training is done for the day.
Kilen head hung low, he was too exhausted to hold it up.
He saw his pant legs were shredded and covered with blood.
The flesh on his legs was exposed, bleeding from hundreds of tiny cuts made by dragging over the rocks.
As they walked over the arena Kilen noticed that the outside where he had been crawling was a path of red dirt.
He had bled in a circle on the perimeter of the arena.
Kilen lay in bed and Gortus and Jace both moved to put bandages on his legs.
The water stung as they poured it over his flesh to clean the wounds of dirt.
Kilen heard two men arguing as he struggled to maintain consciousness, but it was not the two men in the room with him.
Max, you pushed his body too far.
He should not have been able to continue.
You pushed his body where should not have gone.
This boy is our key, he is our survival.
He has to be pushed, I did the only thing that I could.
I kept us in this training.
You should be thankful for that.
Kilen was thankful, Thank you.
All four men seemed to respond in unison with, Your welcome.
He will heal with the aid of his sword throughout the night.
In the morning he will eat and return to the arena.
You will not heal him, I will know the difference.
Gortus laid a hand on Kilen now unarmored chest, Good work today, child.
Better than I thought a weak lander could manage.
I will see you as the sun rises.
He departed the room and left Kilen in Jace watchful eye.
I am sorry, Kilen.
I had no idea that this would be the torture you would have to endure.
I would have never asked you to do this.
You can quit anytime you wish and I will train you the best I can.
Leroy entered and Jace passed on the instructions from Gortus.
Leroy started to feed Kilen and prop him up to give him water and his special tea.
He re bandaged the wounds using some slaves he quickly made and gave him seeds to chew on to help him sleep.
When he was finished he placed Kilen bare hand on his sword and watched over him through the night.
The day was relatively cool outside the castle with a small breeze for a spring day.
Inside the castle the temperature was stifling.
King Atmos had already removed several pieces of armor and loosened the front of his jacket in order to stay cool.
He had retreated to one of the tallest towers to escape the heat and opened the wooden shutters to the windows to let the breeze flow through.
Even here in the observatory tower he felt the heat coming out of the holes used to heat the castle in the winter.
The tower also provided a great view of the castle grounds, which he had watched for most of the day.
Wizard Brandon also sat with him in the tower, being the earth wizard councilmen he provided wisdom and his opinions.
The king had spent most of his day watching over Gortus and his new student, the weapon bearer, or double bladed sword that Brent had referred to him as in the coded letter.
The king viewed the boy as dangerous, as a threat to the nation that he had built.
Time would only tell how long his sister would need to train before he gained a third element on his blade.
He knew he had to take the blade to keep him from gaining the third mark.
Brandon, if the boy does not meet my requirements of being a scout do I keep his sword, or does it belong to Wizard Calvin.
Brandon tapped his pipe with his finger as he drew deeply on the tobacco.
I believe the terms you set stated that you would gain ownership.
The blade does not belong to the wizard, just the service of the user.
If the weapon bearer does not meet his wizard requirements then it is the wizard job to dispatch him.
So Wizard Calvin would have to remove Kilen if he tries to defy me or my laws.
Brandon stood, still drawing on his pipe let the smoke roll from his mouth as he spoke, For him particularly.
If he does not pass the requirements the sword becomes yours.
Normally, it would belong to a wizard, but he is a second generation bearer.
His father completed the service to the wizard, and that makes Kilen the owner of the sword whether or not he serves you.
He took another draw on the pipe.
Although, the requirements of your agreement would make you the owner of the blade if he does not pass your tests.
If he does pass your requirements, as soon as he is finished in your service he keeps the blade.
My lord, if I am not speaking out of turn, if Kilen passes your requirements, he could become a very dangerous player in the world.
It would only take The king cut him off before he could finish his sentence, I know very well what it means, Brandon.
Which is why I have set the bar very high for the boy.
What I did not expect was for him to gain such allies in my own service.
He poses to be a very great problem if he is able to keep up with Gortus training.
A loud pounding at the door brought the King attention.
Enter.
he shouted at the door.
A guard entered the room bowed with spear in hand.
Captain Lorusk and a recruit have arrived, my lord.
See them in, corporal, The king went back to peer out the window.
He intently watched Kilen dragging himself in a blood soaked circle wondering what training Gortus could be performing.
Captain Lorusk and a large boy entered the room and Lorusk assumed a kneeling position behind the king.
The boy followed but did not bow his head when he kneeled.
The king turned and approached the pair looking them over before dismissing the guard.
Stand, he commanded them.
The boy did, but slowly as not in any rush to comply with the king commands.
Captain Lorusk, please wait over there, and make yourself comfortable.
Have some wine and some of my tabac if you wish.
The captain did just that, while seating himself in one of the chairs near the wall.
The boy stood as tall as but wider than the King or the captain.
The king walked circles around him as the boy met his eyes whenever he crossed in front.
He was arrogant and overconfident, the King knew he could use that.
Chit, is it.
The boy nodded, still meeting the king eyes.
I hear that you are from the township of Humbridge in the Water Realm correct.
Yes, he said defiantly.
Captain Lorusk spoke up around his small pipe, Mind your manners, boy.
Do not forget who you talk to.
Chit looked back at the captain and saw the seriousness in his face.
Yes, my king, he corrected himself.
What can you tell me of the weapon bearer Kilen Everheart.
Chit is face was a look of confusion as he looked at each person in the room to see if it was the truth.
Kilen is a weapon bearer.
he said.
One more disrespectful word out of your mouth, boy and I will beat the defiance out of you.
The captain voice was lined with a venomous tone.
The king held up a hand to the captain to silence him.
Kilen is a weapon bearer twice over, and an armor bearer twice over.
Now answer my questions.
I did not know that he was a wielder.
He has always been quiet, playing a self righteous pain.
My father always compared me to his behavior in public.
His family is rich, but they squander their money refusing to help the towns economy my father says.
Instead they send Kilen to lend a hand instead of providing money to help the families there.
You sound as if you do not like Kilen.
Why is that Chit.
Chit took a moment to consider the question before answering.
He was bending the truth already, but he could lie and it would take a long time for the King to find the truth even if he did send someone to check his story.
The sword he carries was given to me by his mother.
He attacked me and took it after his sister tried to kill me.
The wizard stood and walked over, hearing Chit is reason for hating Kilen.
The boy mother had no right to give you the blade.
If you still possessed it, the council would order it be returned to him.
A weapon bearer blade must either be taken in battle or be passed from father to son.
The blade was never truly yours.
You can give up the misplaced hate, Chit.
Besides I see that you have a blade.
Kilen gave me this after I arrived, it is another ploy to keep me out of his way.
He will probably act self righteous here as well.
Chit growled, trying to keep the composure of having been so close to having an elemental blade.
The king returned to the window and said nothing.
He watched Kilen dragging himself along the ground in the fading evening light.
Finally he spoke to everyone in the room but no one in particular.
I have a request of all of you, but first I must bring you into the picture.
I will ask that no one will speak of what I tell you here today.
I ask you give the oath before I speak a word.
He turned and met each of their eyes.
Lorusk knelt before the king.
I give my word and oath by my life that I will not speak of what is discussed in this room today.
He clasped his hand to his chest and the King nodded in acceptance.
The wizard and a reluctant Chit followed his example.
Good, I have spoken with Wizard Brandon here and we are in agreement that Kilen poses a threat to my kingdom.
If Kilen completes his training he will become a full weapon bearer and come to the employment of a wizard to pay for his sister training.
If this happens, eventually his sister will be trained and allowed to leave her confines, giving her the opportunity to imbue his sword with a third element.
That act would give Kilen the right to claim either the wind or water kingdoms as his own, and cause confusion and a rebellion in that kingdom.
We, as men in this room, cannot allow that to happen, so I have devised a plan to stop him from completing his training.
He stood in front of Chit, looking into his eyes, You will meet him on the training grounds in battle at the end of the training period.
I will see to it that you are given the best instruction in earth magic and in the sword so that you will be able to defeat him in a one on one fight.
When Kilen loses to you in battle, he will be unworthy to keep the blade he possesses, eliminating the threat to this kingdom.
Chit spoke before the others and without permission, What do I get if I do this thing that you asked.
For starters you get to keep your insolent tongue, finally Chit lowered his eyes as he had crossed the line too many times.
Wizard Brandon will receive my blessing to become my personal adviser for training Chit in earth magic using the rings I provide him.
Captain Lorusk, I would ask you to personally train him in the combat with the sword and other weapons.
You will be rewarded with the blade that Kilen now carries.
Chit if you can beat him in the arena you will be rewarded with a promotion to sergeant and given one of the earth rings you use to defeat him.
You will become an armor bearer.
Do any of you have any problems with these assignments.
The men remained silent, except for Chit who began to hum a battle song and smile a devious smile.
Captain, you can use my private training room for his training in the sword.
Chit, you will be excused from all the classes that would normally be needed to complete such as cooking or bandaging, so that you can focus on the skills needed to beat him.
Do not miss a minute of training.
Go and start now.
Lorusk bowed to the king and Chit finally followed his lead in bowing, only slower and not as deep of a bow.
They left and closed the door behind them leaving Brandon and the King to talk.
Brandon, I know that you are to train the new weapon bearers.
I ask only that you prolong teaching Kilen any skills that he does not already know.
Leave him to discover the magic on his own if he can.
I will delay him if at all possible my lord.
I do have one worry, sire Well, speak your mind wizard and advise me if you can, the King added as to bait the wizard into believing he was already his new wizard advisor.
My lord, I see one flaw in your plan.
If Kilen is able to summon an elemental in the battle with Chit they will be on unequal ground.
Twilix tells Mary that he exceeds all expectations and should be summoning an elemental by the end of the month.
My lord, I believe her.
He fought Mary elemental and won.
Chit will not be an even match in magic.
The king was starting to turn red with anger as the wizard spoke, Well, what then do you suggest we do, give the brute an elemental weapon also.
No, my lord, I would suggest that if he does summon an elemental.
You would allow me to summon one for Chit and fight him on equal ground.
The king smiled and the anger faded from his face, You are already learning to advise me.
Train him well.
He must be able to meet Kilen on the battle ground with equal footing.
Kilen woke slowly as Leroy and Ted brought buckets of water, whiskey, food, and new bandages into the room.
He found that the strength had returned to his limbs, but that every time he moved he felt scabs under the dressings break open, starting the bleeding and pain to bloom once again.
The others managed to help him to a seated position and began applying new bandages and feeding Kilen a kind of gruel.
Leroy and Ted worked in silence and only spoke to coax Kilen into taking another bite.
The wounds were not deep but they were too numerous to count, blending in with one another.
Leroy worked a salve into the wounds that alleviated some of the pain, allowing Kilen to move and test his arms.
The bandages contained the bleeding and provided the pressure they needed to clot.
While they worked to put Kilen clothes and armor on, he found the ribbon hanging from his blade and remembered why he must endure this pain.
The color blue became a sort of focal point as he rose and left the two men to clean the room of bloody bandages and water.
He found Gortus kneeling on the same sword arena that they he had bled all over the day before.
His sword lay on the ground in front of him.
Kilen approached the arena and once again felt the ability to use magic leave his body.
The effect made him stop to keep himself upright.
Slowly he moved to kneel beside Gortus breaking open more wounds and flaring pain.
He felt a steadying of his mind, and he felt more focused.
I am here, together we can complete this.
Max voice had never been more determined or comforting to Kilen.
Joahna seemed to be nervous and very cautious.
Kilen pulled his sword free of the sheath and laid it on the ground in front of him, watching the ribbon flutter in the morning wind.
Gortus once again said a prayer but remained kneeling with Kilen on the ground.
Before we begin today, you may ask me whatever questions you want.
You might not get the answers you need, but I will answer truthfully.
Kilen thought for a moment treasuring a moment before pain begin anew slithering on the ground.
Why do I lose my ability to use magic every time I am near you.
Gortus chuckled before answering, You really are new to this magic world are not you.
We Kapal are said to be born of anti magic.
Everyone ability to use magic dies near us.
The ability makes us very powerful fighting against wizards and assassinating kings.
We are feared because of this trait born into us, but it also makes us weak.
The Kapal people lack the ability to use magic also.
Your sword in my hands is nothing but a normal sword.
When I fight soldiers, I fight them on equal ground.
When I fight a wielder it gives me an advantage, because they lose the abilities they rely on to keep them alive.
After I train you, I think you will be the biggest threat to the Kapal nation.
Kilen thought on what he had just heard.
Max and Joahna chastised themselves for not thinking to inform him themselves.
Why do you train me then.
If I am a threat to your nation.
You are my destiny, Gortus put a hand under Kilen arm to help him to stand.
When they did, Jace and Twilix were approaching the arena.
They said nothing, but instead put down stools to sit on as they watched over Kilen and Gortus.
My presence around Twilix makes her uncomfortable.
She lacks the power to fight me like a wizard fights.
Her presence here should speak of her feelings for you.
You should trust her.
Without a moment to spare Gortus pointed at the ground on the outside of the ring.
Continue my child.
Kilen reassumed his position, carefully lying flat on his stomach, and slowly reached forward to begin the day of misery again.
The wounds reopened and began to throb more with every pull forward, he continued to move forward in his endless circle of torment.
Max held back what pain he could, allowing Kilen to continue to move.
When Kilen had made five complete circles, he found Gortus black boots standing in his path.
He stopped only for a moment, but he knew that he would have to go inside the circle over the smooth ground, or choose to move outside the circle crawling over large stones.
Joahna finally spoke up, It is a test, take the path less chosen.
Kilen heeded his words and started to move to his left crawling over the large rocks baring his way.
They scraped under the weight of his chest on his breastplate, and snagged and ripped off bandages on his legs.
When he made his way back into the circle on the other side of Gortus he heard the command he had been waiting for, Stop.
Gortus came to squat in front of Kilen, and whispered to him.
You have grown this day, Stand for a moment.
When Kilen had risen to his feet he saw the profuse bleeding on his clothing from the broken bandages underneath.
Gortus walked away and spoke with his back turned, You only have a moment Twilix.
You may heal him.
She sprang to her feet and moved quicker than Kilen had seen her before and landed a hand on his unsteady head.
Magic flowed into his body as flesh reknit pulling wounds closed in a flash.
The bleeding stopped, but Kilen felt only the searing flow of cold water magic flowing through his body.
The healing seemed to last hours and it was more painful than he had imagined it could be.
When she finished Kilen was relieved but shivered from the cold magic that had flowed through him.
Joahna and Max seemed to shiver also.
Never I have ever seen anyone heal so many wounds so quickly, Joahna seemed astonished and afraid of Twilix.
She removed her hand from Kilen head and slumped against his metal covered chest.
Jace was at her side in a moment, taking her weight from Kilen.
Jace helped Twilix walk back towards the castle.
I will help her to her room, Kilen.
Concentrate on the training, I will look after Twilix.
Now knowing she was being taken care of, Kilen tested his freshly healed unbroken skin and smiled.
He felt the numerous scabs break away and sloth off his skin underneath his armor.
Gortus approached and the magic vanished from Kilen, making his armor heavy.
Gortus stood in front of Kilen and clasped him on the shoulder, Welcome to a new age.
You have become a crawler.
This age does not last nearly as long, nor does it take as long to master.
You will now crawl the path that you were doing, this time on hands and knees.
Kilen opened his mouth to ask why he was doing this, or why it would help him learn to fight.
He felt like he was wasting his time, but Gortus held up a hand to silence him.
You, however, have not reached an age where you can speak.
Start crawling.
You will understand soon enough.
He assumed his squatting position, as Kilen slowly moved back to the edge of the arena.
He got down on all fours and started crawling, the laps went faster and there was a lot less pain involved with each circuit.
Before Kilen knew it he had forgot he was crawling around the circle.
He was listening Max and Joahna talk about their training experiences, mischief they had gotten into, and their worst enemies.
Kilen heard Max mention that he was a personal friend of the Fire Realm king.
They had grown up together, practiced, and learned to fight together.
They were as close as men could become without being inside another man head.
Kilen chuckled at the thought and Gortus looked at him questioningly.
He wondered if he would stop the training if he knew the truth, or what Kilen thought was the truth of his own sanity.
Leroy arrived with the noon meal and gave Gortus a plate of steaks, small potatoes, and beans.
Kilen received a bowl of the same gruel he had choked down before bed and again in the morning.
Leroy apologized for not having something more suitable now that Kilen could manage eating properly.
I assure you, Leroy, that Kilen should be able to eat whatever you serve from now on.
He has progressed from his spoon feeding age.
Gortus said, chuckling as he savored the thinly cut seasoned meat.
Kilen finished quickly and started to crawl without command.
His knees and hands were beginning to get a little sore, but nothing like the pain he had endured before.
Kilen tried to count how many times he had been within moments of losing his life since he had left Humbridge.
His thoughts were cut short as Gortus rose and performed a devious act.
He reached his gray hands into a pouch at his belt, pulling small jagged rocks from inside and began sprinkling them in Kilen path.
Kilen had no problems avoiding the rocks as long as he was careful.
As he continued to listen to the men in his head he would find himself putting his knee on a pebble.
Kilen had to keep his mind on the act of crawling.
He continued to crawl late into the day.
When Leroy arrived with the evening meal Gortus rose from his squatted position.
Stand Kilen, you have reached a new age.
I will not make you crawl any longer.
You have reached the age of standing.
I will warn you that it is not as easy an age as you think.
Gortus smiled a devious smile foretelling of trials to come.
Tomorrow we will resume your training.
Tonight Twilix wanted to train with you.
She said you should come to the king gardens, so eat quickly and make your way there.
I will see you at first light.
After that he uttered only grunts between bites as he dug into the whole chicken Leroy had brought him.
Kilen ate quickly the pieces of chicken he was brought.
The vegetables seemed to vanish.
Finally Kilen took a bite of the bread and realized that he had become use to the spice in the food.
He no longer was tormented by the burn in the food.
He finished his plate and grabbed a raspberry tart as he ran to meet Twilix, pleased to be able to run freely again.
He made good time running through the castle, which earned him strange looks and gasps as he passed servants in the halls.
When he arrived at the gardens, Twilix was seated on a bench holding the same book.
She closed it promptly and looked up from where she sat.
Her eyes were lined with dark circles and her whole demeanor seemed to droop.
She had put too much effort into healing him and he saw the result.
I am glad that he let you free of your training to join me.
She smiled, I was worried that he would ruin us both if he continued throughout the rest of the day.
You seem to be doing well now though.
How was the rest of the training.
It was not as difficult after the first, I just had to crawl on my hands and knees.
Gortus said that I was finished with all of that.
It seems he will have more surprises for me tomorrow.
Well I will be sure to be there to watch then, she patted the space next to her on the bench.
Kilen sat next to her, I was going to try and show you how to summon an elemental today.
Unfortunately, I do not think that I have the strength to show you the way.
Kilen sat silently waiting for her to tell him what she had planned to teach him instead.
Let is just practice the forms for summoning an elemental, and I will do my best to describe it to you.
Can you do me a favor and help me to the ground.
Kilen helped Twilix to the ground where she laid on her back and Kilen laid next to her.
She laid silent a moment before speaking, It seems I lack the strength to make it rain, could you.
Kilen had never tried making it rain before.
He had always just gathered the water to himself and focused it into whatever he needed.
He felt the water in the air and started gathering it into small beads of water until they started to fall on their own.
The task was relatively simple and soon the ground was wet and the plants in the garden were drinking fervently.
Twilix smiled, feeling the water on her skin.
Even Kilen felt a little rejuvenated by the rain.
Suddenly he remembered the rings on the necklace around his neck.
He fished them out of his shirt and undid the chain to relieve it of one of the rings.
Then reclasped the necklace around his neck he turned to Twilix.
I think it would help if you wore this, he said offering her one of his father rings.
She looked at the ring and then at Kilen.
Thank you but it is not necessary.
You will need all the energy you can get for his training tomorrow.
Kilen smiled and then put the ring in her weak hand and closed it around the ring.
You are the reason I was able to complete the first set of training.
Besides you need to recover more than I do.
I feel better than I have for a while.
You used all your magic to restore me and I offer this for just one night so that you will be able to assist me if I need it tomorrow.
She knew it he was right.
One night, that is all.
You will take it back in the morning so you will have it to train with.
She took a moment and held onto the ring, It does feel good to have some strength back.
I think I might even be able to train you a bit today.
Let us begin.
We start on the ground because when we summon an elemental we will lose control of our bodies.
So relax and concentrate on the elements around you.
Feel the water on the ground, the soil, the plants, the birds, and all the magic around you.
You are a small part of the magic and must realize that you can control the other elements around you and use their energy in it.
Kilen tried his best to do as she asked.
He looked at every detail of the world around him using the water vision and reaching out to the feelings inside the plants.
They were happy in the garden and paid him little mind.
Now to form an elemental you must first form its body.
You will be able to form different shapes later, but for now form water about your size in the form of a man.
Kilen gathered water from the air and the water that laid on the stones from the rain, forming a man to stand in front of him.
When I first learned to use an elemental, I tried to picture myself inside the form, to see through its eyes.
I tried to picture what it would look like, to see myself lying in front of it.
I would put my mind inside the elemental until the two merged and I only felt my real body, relatively.
I had it described to me as though you were sick with fever and seeing yourself outside your body.
Like your mind was floating just outside.
Kilen knew the feeling of being outside of his body when sick.
He had been very sick only two winters before and nearly died from fever.
He tried to remember what the feeling was like.
The more he tried the more he felt the individual limbs and fingers of the water form in front of him.
He pushed trying to assume the water as his body and something snapped in his mind.
A small reverberation, as if something had just disappeared.
Kilen opened his eyes, the feeling of loss overcame him.
Sorrow sank into his bones.
A feeling of homesickness overcame him and then he saw it.
The elemental moved, it looked around the garden moving of its own accord.
Very good Kilen, it would help if you closed your eyes and looked through only one pair.
Kilen closed his eyes and observed the elemental through the water vision.
Kilen, Joahna said worriedly.
Maxis gone.
Observing the elemental move Kilen laid stock still on the ground beside Twilix.
The elemental moved slowly, looking at its limbs, hands, and fingers as it stood there.
The details were not as Kilen had imagined them to be.
They had changed into something different, still a man but different.
He did not know how he was supposed to feel or control his elemental.
He tried to imagine himself inside the elemental looking down at his body, but there was no change.
Once again Joahna shouted from inside his mind, Kilen, Max is gone.
He knew immediately what had happened.
He had pushed Max consciousness into the elemental.
The feeling of loneliness now made sense.
He missed Max like missing memories.
Twilix lay beside him and he saw her smiling through the water vision.
Good, walk around a bit and try not to trample any of the plants.
If you feel tired, let go of the elemental and resume your body.
Kilen saw the elemental shaking its head.
Kilen knew what it meant.
If Max was to remove his mind from the elemental, it could remove his consciousness from Kilen.
On the other hand, if Kilen created elementals and was not in control, others would see him as a danger.
Max said nothing as he moved a small amount to please Twilix.
You should let go of it now.
Too much your first time could drain you of your energy.
That is if you do not know how to pull energy from the element itself.
I have not seen you consistently do that, so I want to make sure you do not kill yourself while holding the elemental.
I do not know how, was the only response that he could give Twilix.
He was not in control.
He could not force Max to give up the elemental.
Even if there was a way, Kilen did not know how.
You do know that you can speak using the elemental.
She said giggling.
Max spoke through the elemental pretending to be Kilen, How will I know my mind will return to my body.
Kilen was ecstatic with joy knowing Max was thinking the same thing.
If I let go of the elemental, could I die.
Kilen could do nothing but lay and wait for Max to give up the elemental.
KILEN.
MAX IS GONE.
Kilen could feel Joahna searching frantically inside his head for his lost companion.
He was so panicked that he had not noticed the conversation.
He wanted to get Joahna attention but he still did not understand how to shout to him.
Kilen tried to send Joahna pain to help him to calm down, but none came.
Kilen, you are starting to worry me.
You need to let go of the elemental.
If you do not you could die.
I suppose I should have mentioned it before, but I did not expect you to succeed.
Kilen heard the tone in Twilix voice as she spoke and waited for Max to stop.
After a few moments of silence Twilix came to her knees and put her hand on Kilen chest, Please.
You must stop, she pleaded, but did not know that it was not Kilen choice.
He was not in control of the elemental.
Finally in act of desperation, Kilen stood to look at the elemental eye to eye.
Max stared back.
Kilen did the only thing he knew to do.
Force Max to let go.
He used his skill with water to slow down the elemental, freezing it.
The now ice statue of a man stared back at him with crystal eyes, as if pleading to stop.
He knew that it could be Max and Kilen or just Max to die.
Kilen drew his sword for the first time to slay a man with the blade.
There was no fighting back, only the silence of the ice blocks hitting the ground around him.
Thundering inside of Kilen head forced him to his knees in pain.
Then the most wonderful noise Kilen could have heard at that moment, Max screaming inside his head.
The world went black with pain and shock of the senses, but he smiled all the way to the ground.
Kilen woke to three faces looking down on him, Brent, Brandon, and Twilix.
Brent and Twilix smiled as he began to recognize their faces.
He tried to remember what had happened and he finally recognized the ceiling of his room.
Leroy was in the corner with a covered plate on the desk, sewing Kilen ripped pants.
He immediately checked to see if he had pants on.
When he realized he did not he turned red in the face.
The wizards all laughed and Brent spoke, We made her leave.
Kilen smiled and nodded as his face got redder.
He could not bring himself to look at Twilix directly.
I think I may have pushed him too far too fast, she said, drawing the attention to herself.
I am not so sure, Brandon said in a flat tone.
If he managed to summon an elemental on his first try I think that you have been too soft on him.
After all, he managed to subdue Mary on his first try also did not he.
Brent watched his brother speak with great concern in his eyes, You of all people should know better than that Brandon.
Your first trainee died from pushing himself too far too fast.
I would think your preference for prudence in training would be your greatest concern.
He turned to Twilix, Be sure you take greater care when asking him to perform acts this difficult or you should feel the weight of this councilman seat.
Brandon headed for the door but stopped in the doorway and spoke over his shoulder.
Maybe if you had pushed harder she would not have to make up for your lack of training.
He calmly walked out of the room while a Brent turned three colors of anger.
I am sorry Kilen, but I must have a word with my brother, Brent said, leaving the room after his older brother.
Twilix walked to the side of the bed and held out Kilen earth ring in the palm of her hand.
I am sorry, I should not have pushed you so far.
I think you should have this back.
I am feeling quite a bit better now.
Kilen shook his head as he sat up in bed, pulling the wool blanket around his midsection.
I feel a lot better now myself, I will not be taking that back til morning.
He saw Leroy looking at them between stitches on the pants.
Thank you for helping me summon that.
I think it taught me a lot about using magic.
I will do better next time.
I do not think I am the right person to be instructing you in that area.
Perhaps I can have Brent teach you elementals.
Kilen was frustrated by her lack of will to teach him, so he did the only thing he could think of.
Fine, if that is the way you will have it.
I know that Brent is busy and I hate to bother him.
Perhaps I will just practice summoning them on my own.
He laid down on the bed and closed his eyes.
He drew on the water magic through the blade next to him in bed and used the wash water to form a man out of the water in the basin.
STOP.
You do not have the strength to do this again, she pleaded with him.
Kilen started to make the man larger, gathering the water in the air.
OK, ok, I will teach you, but not unless we are both full strength.
Kilen put the water back in the bowl and pulled himself up to one elbow in bed.
Ok, great.
I hope that it will not be too far away.
I do need a break from all the training I have been getting from Gortus.
She snickered at him and gave him a half smile.
Well seeing as you are well enough to extort people, I think I will retire for the night.
It has been a trying day looking out for some people.
She gathered her skirts and glided out the door into the hallway, which Leroy promptly shut.
Then he shoved the plate of food underneath Kilen face.
When he opened the lid he found krechen roast Leroy made the first day, but this time the edges were black and the potatoes were burnt and dry.
Do not ask.
Someone turned up the heat in the cooker.
I asked where they put the wood but they just looked at me confused and shrugged.
They do not even know where the heat comes from to cook their food.
He took a moment to breath before sitting down, and resuming his sewing.
It is good in the middle though.
Sorry it is so little.
Gortus took most of it, by the brights that man can eat.
Kilen heard a voice in the back of his head.
Kilen, hurry and get rid of him.
We are waiting to talk about what happened.
Joahna is having a little difficulty understanding and I need answers too.
Max voice was commanding and urgent.
Kilen ate in a hurry as Leroy went on about being glad to spend the night in the cool barracks.
Something had happened in the castle and all the rooms were as hot as a summer day.
Kilen ate quickly and did not notice the heat of the food.
He was hungry and hoping the small amount was enough to restore his energy.
Leroy, could you do me a favor and check on the horses.
Maybe make a run into the city and get me a couple more sets of clothes.
I might need more to let you keep up on the sewing.
He hoped that it would buy him enough time to talk with Max and Joahna alone.
Uhm, sure, but I was told to stay with you in case you passed out again.
He truly looked concerned for Kilen.
If I feel bad, I will call for Ted.
He trained to look out for this kind of thing.
While you are at it, why do not you stop off and get a drink and a dance or two.
Maybe see if Bowie is doing ok.
I know you have not had much time to spend with him lately.
By the way you guys talked on the road, you are pretty good friends.
I am sure hed like to know what has been going on anyways.
Well, if you say so.
I would like to see one of those dancing girls again.
Leroy blushed a little.
Just do not get caught staring this time.
It did not go well the last time.
I will not be there to protect you from anyone.
Leroy smiled and nodded as he gathered his cloak to go out into the failing light of the evening.
When he was gone, Kilen hurriedly put on some pants and sat in front of the mirror.
YOU KILLED ME AGAIN.
Max started without any hesitation, but Kilen was already ready for his arguments.
It was either take a chance on you dying, or both of us died.
Max took a moment before speaking again.
For a moment, I had a body again.
Do you know the joy of having a body again.
I think we have stumbled upon something great, Kilen.
You did not, Joahna piped in.
It must have been a hallucination.
You disappeared from his mind for a moment.
Whatever Kilen did made you have experiences that were not natural.
None of this is natural, I do not know what happened, but I do not think we should do that again.
We could disappear from his mind altogether.
It did not happen to you Joahna.
You do not know the feeling.
I will take that feeling anytime over being stuck inside this black nothingness in which we are confined.
If the only way to prove it is to force you out of his head, I hope that you are the one to experience it next.
Kilen thought for a moment before speaking to the both of them as they argued.
I did not mean to force you into the elemental, Max.
Just before you became the elemental what were you thinking.
I was trying to help you see what it felt like.
I was once a weapon bearer of wind.
It was a much different experience.
I was only trained to be able to pick up a dropped blade and did not get to carry a imbued weapon, but I know how summon an elemental.
I was trying to help.
Thank you, I think the only way to show Joahna is to push him into an elemental so that he knows it for himself.
Now that we know it is safe perhaps I can even stay awake this time.
None of the men spoke for a few minutes.
Look, if this is going to happen we need to at least be able to control it.
I can not be passing out every time I summon an elemental.
I agree, Max said, waiting for Joahna to come to terms with the situation.
I felt very lonely in the darkness that is your mind when Max left.
You must be prepared to help steady him when I leave and return.
If you promise to do that, I will give it a try.
Kilen felt the determination flare in his mind.
He was ready to try now.
He moved to his bed and laid down to begin gathering the water.
The basin had been filled and he emptied it now forming a man.
He tried to remember all that Twilix had told him, to see through the eyes of the elemental.
Before he knew it, the concussion in his brain happened and the elemental took on the form that Kilen remembered that day in the forest outside of Gulrich.
He moved about the room and finally looked up from the floor.
I feel alive, Joahna the elemental smiled.
When Kilen was prepared, the process was a lot less daunting.
The world spun but he quickly regained his hold on reality.
Kilen stood in the room and looked at Joahna, before reaching out his hand with an open palm.
Nice to meet you, my name is Kilen.
The elemental smiled.
Kilen grasped his cold icy hand and they shook.
How long do you think you can keep that form.
I am pulling energy from the water itself, and from the water around me.
I think I could keep this up for days as long as there is water near.
They stood staring at each other for a while as Joahna got accustomed to his new body.
Do you feel me draining your energy at all.
You should feel tired if I am.
Kilen thought for a moment, I feel nothing.
I am not even using the water vision, although I can.
Can you hear me talking Joahna.
Max said inside Kilen mind.
When Joahna did not reply, Kilen asked him a second time for Max.
No, I cannot hear him or feel him.
It seems once we are put into the elemental we are separated from your mind, a small disadvantage to a great advantage.
A great advantage.
Kilen asked.
Kilen, if you can summon me an elemental body and you remain in your body you are more powerful than you know.
I can use magic while you fight with your full mental capabilities.
Imagine the next time we face Mary.
Summon me and she will face a wizard that cannot die and a weapon bearer.
I do not think it would be wise to let people know we can do that.
They might see what I am and execute me.
The elemental spoke in Joahna voice, Great wizards and weapon bearers are able to split their conscious between an elemental and their own body.
Their movements are limited, but they can see through both eyes and cast spells with the elemental while fighting in their body.
Only the most skilled and wisest know how, but if we wait to reveal ourselves I believe that it would not seem to unusual.
How will we practice.
I cannot do it here in the room.
Eventually we will need to be out in the practice fields or outside of town, Kilen said.
We will worry about that later.
I do have an idea though.
Joahna voice sounded excited, Before you go to sleep each night you will summon one of us into a elemental form.
That way, while you sleep we can keep watch and practice.
We will have to find a way to do so without drawing Leroy attention.
The elemental moved and stood on the washstand and slowly melted into a puddle of water in the basin.
I am still here.
I can practice using water magic and become accustomed to it while you are sleeping.
When I become good enough I will be able to show you everything that I know.
Max if you can hear me, tomorrow night you will assume the elemental after I have given you instruction on how to use water magic.
I will count the seconds until I get to resume my own body, but I agree, Max sounded somber.
Max agrees with you but what if I do not.
What part do you not agree with.
If you wanted to see everything around you even while you slept this is better than one man could do alone.
You are body is protected, even while you sleep.
Kilen took on his most confident voice What if you begin to drain my energy.
You could kill us all without knowing it.
Max has become accustomed to knowing how much you can handle and has even aided you when your body has been pushed too far.
Tonight we shall know.
Max will wake you if you start to weaken and we will cease the exercise.
Max spoke to Kilen in the back of his mind, I can do that Kilen.
I will not let you die and I am sorry for before.
Kilen spoke looking into the mirror, I was scared about losing you too, Max.
There is no need to apologize.
I am sorry I had to kill you again.
What, now that I can not hear what he said he becomes as soft as clay.
I thought that the crimson was supposed to be the toughest of the King army, Joahna spoke with laughter in his words.
What is the crimson.
Kilen asked.
Max spoke in return, The Crimson is the Fire Realm most elite warriors.
I amwas one of them.
That is how our kings are chosen.
The king is the best of the Crimson.
King Rekkan and I have fought and trained together my entire life.
We are elite fighters, raised and groomed to fight battles and guard royalty.
The king is chosen in the Fire Realm.
The Fire Realm queen chooses a king that she would see most fit in being her champion.
He leads the army and does her bidding.
I was glad that I was not chosen to be the queen champion.
It is a life of solitude.
Brent was investigating incidents where spies from the Fire Realm were coming into the earth kingdom.
That is when we encountered you.
Tell me, are you two spies sent to report back on our weaknesses.
Both were silent in the room.
Then Joahna finally sighed and spoke, We are not spies, necessarily.
We were sent to find out if a Wind or Water Realm king had risen.
Our queen was the first to start the canal from the Water Realm to the Fire Realm and she was betrayed by their wizards.
She seeks peaceful means to complete the task, but as our realm dies she grows more and more desperate.
Our mission was to end when we met King Rekkan at the Fire Realm edge with any nobles the King would send to represent him.
I am afraid we failed.
This realm is confusing to navigate.
We got lost in the woods too many times.
When you found us Max had a break down and used his fire magic inadvertently.
He did not mean it, but I knew that the moment we revealed ourselves we would be seen as enemies.
I was trying to take his armor so that we could return to King Rekkan and report of our failure.
Max broke in, Failure is not an option for the Crimson.
If we are not there to report to King Rekkan, the terms of negotiation could turn ugly.
Especially if he has to march through the Earth Realm to meet King Atmos.
The two realms lay on the brink of a war, because we have failed to complete our task.
Max broke in, We can still complete our task if you finish your training on time.
The meeting is still some time off.
It will take a long time to cross the Fire Realm by horseback.
It will take many weapon and armor bearers to pull water from the ground in some places.
Well, we might just have to try and prevent this war, Kilen said flatly.
Prevent the war.
What nonsense is Max putting in your head now.
Joahna looked concerned.
He said that King Rekkan is on the way to the Earth Realm and if we are able to meet him we might prevent a war.
Only after our training is done, Kilen added quickly.
Joahna nodded his clear liquid head.
Kilen laid down for the night as Joahna started to work with the water in the room to improve his abilities.
Kilen felt a small chill up his spine a moment later.
Sorry I thought I would try and help heal you a bit before you started to sleep.
That is how Kilen found himself falling asleep.
Trying to ignore the chills in his body as the fire wizard turned water, improved his ability to heal instead of burn.
In the morning, Kilen found himself being woken by a tap on the shoulder.
Joahna had taken the form of a full person and had woken him.
Leroy left moments ago to fetch your breakfast.
He placed coins back in your purse earlier.
I think he put more in than you had given him.
That boy is a strange one to me.
I think it would be wise for me to let go of this form now.
That way I can be with you the rest of the day.
Kilen, still a little groggy, nodded his head as he braced himself for the concussion.
I am here.
I will help this time.
Joahna melted himself back into the basin and pushed some water into the air causing the room to heat with steam.
Then he felt the concussion in his brain and he felt a small portion of his brain filled with emotion.
He recognized it as Joahna.
The world spun a little but not as bad as before.
He was happy that he had stayed awake.
When he could stand without vomiting he began dressing himself.
He even started to put on what armor he could.
When Leroy came in and was surprised to see Kilen awake.
Looks like you were stronger than they thought, eh.
Or your food does a better job than most people know.
Will you help me get this chest piece on.
Of course, Leroy helped strap it on and tighten it while talking.
Almost everyone is up on the recruit side of the camp.
I heard a few people talking.
The King is going to start the training today.
I am glad to see you up because you are probably going to need to be out early if everyone is already rising.
Kilen grabbed the steak that Leroy had brought and his water skin.
He shoved a hardboiled egg into his mouth as he left the room, uttering through the food what sounded like, Thank you.
Leroy was right, the camp was in a flurry with soldiers pulling new recruits out of their barracks.
Mary was flinging fire at torches to light the too early morning.
Men in armor assembled and began counting off for their superiors.
Inspections of armor, uniforms, and weapons were being conducted.
Kilen weaved his way through the panicked recruits to find Gortus kneeling on the arena.
The torches made his face easy to make out.
Unsure what Kilen was supposed to do he knelt beside him placed his sword on the ground in front of him, and began the prayer.
Gortus joined him in the prayer and moved quickly to his feet when they were finished.
We must hurry and get you into position.
The King will address us soon.
After that we will begin your training for the day.
They walked towards the mass of troops and recruits assembling in a formation on the wizard training grounds.
I hope to leave you enough time today that you are able to begin your first classes.
Jace told me that you had intended on passing a few quickly so that you could make time to train in weaponry.
I will see to it that you have time to complete these other classes.
The air seemed to be thick with nerves.
Officers were nervous try to make their troops look good enough for the king and the recruits were nervous because they were seeing a king for the first time.
Kilen, could not remember being in awe of the King., only scared that he would be viewed as a traitor.
He was sure that some of the men never expected to leave their home town, let alone stand in front of a king as they joined his army.
Today they would begin their journey in becoming something bigger than themselves.
They would become the defenders of their nation, protectors of the people, and a symbol of the realm power.
Commanders and officers formed the first row of soldiers looking up at the balcony in wonder.
The second row was made of weapon and armor bearers, and behind them stood the few second generation armor and weapon bearers like Kilen.
Chit was being escorted by Captain Lorsuk and stood beside Kilen receiving a couple of instructions.
Well, looks like we will be training partners.
I hope you can use that sword.
The one you bought me is much larger than yours and fits me well.
It would be a shame to see you get beaten by a sword you put in someone else hand.
Good morning, Chit.
I am afraid to tell you that this section is for wielders, Kilen said in retort.
Chit held up a bracer with an earth mark on it.
Looks like you are not the only one to impress people.
Do not worry, though I would not want to embarrass our hometown.
I will not beat you too severely.
He smiled while looking at the balcony, waiting to see the king.
Kilen tried to ignore him.
Soon Brent, Mary, Brandon, and another wizard walked out onto the balcony, followed by King Atmos.
He had already begun to perspire in the early morning breeze.
Kilen wondered if it was because of what Leroy had mentioned about the castle being hot.
The king came to the edge of the balcony and leaned down on both fists to rest, while admiring his new recruits.
The commander in front snapped to attention, followed by the rest of the fully trained soldiers.
Three loud resounding OH.
OH.
OH., sounded in the early morning.
Birds went flying as the training grounds echoed with shouts.
Silence settled across the grounds as the sun started to break the horizon, illuminating the king.
Welcome, new recruits, Atmos started.
Today you begin your journey to join the most powerful army in the land.
Today is the first day into changing your history, becoming a part of legend.
He paused, letting the words sink in, Some of you do not come for glory, or riches.
You only come for the honorable reason of protecting the ones you love, fighting for what is right in this world.
I will give you the opportunity for all of this.
I ask only that you train hard, protect the people of this nation, and represent your countrymen well.
To all those already named a soldier in this army I remind you that these men will fight alongside you or your brother.
They will protect your families and loved ones.
Train them well so that they can complete this task.
They could save your life one day or you could save theirs.
Train them, teach them, and mentor them.
You are all now brothers in the struggle for civilization in this nation.
The king saluted his troops and turned out of sight back inside the castle.
The wizards followed.
The officers started shouting as troops and recruits split into multiple directions to comply with their orders.
Chit turned and tried to knock Kilen out of the way as he went his direction.
He was surprised to see Kilen did not budge when he was bumped.
He grunted as he walked his way.
Kilen laughed as he looked at the sword strapped to Chit is back.
Kilen moved through the throng weaving in and out as the day breathed of tension, nerves, and urgency.
Commanders and officers moved large amounts of soldiers and recruits as they shouted commands organizing classes, schedules, and sleeping arrangements.
None shouted at Kilen as he moved towards the sword arena where he knew Gortus was waiting.
When he arrived at the bloodied sword ring, Gortus stood at its center.
Recruits and soldiers alike avoided its perimeter.
The other arenas were trampled with the foot traffic of recruits kicking the rocks that lined them.
Whether the recruits were weary of Gortus or of the path of blood that lined it was anyone guess.
Behind Gortus was a set of greaves, new shield, armor for the arms and hands to match Kilen various pieces.
It is a shame you forgot to bring your helm today, Gortus said, tossing the arm guards to Kilen.
You had better pay particular attention to protecting your head today.
Kilen fumbled with the metal, trying to put it on with little luck.
Gortus grunted and moved to help put on the pieces.
As I said, today we start a new age, with you standing.
It will be considerably harder but you also gain the ability to talk.
When Kilen was standing in the full armor and hefting the shield to test its weight, Gortus stepped in front of him.
Today, all you have to do is stand.
Do you understand.
Just stand here.
Kilen asked, thinking it was some kind of trick.
Gortus smiled a wide vicious smile as he nodded his head.
Kilen wondered if it was a strength building exercise or testing him to follow orders.
He soon came to find out the wicked truth.
Gortus stepped outside the arena to a stack of wooden practice swords that Kilen had not noticed.
He tossed one to Kilen and then without a moment is notice, he hit Kilen shoulder with an upward arcing swing.
The wooden blade shattered as it struck home on Kilen, sending him to the ground.
Kilen looked up at Gortus, who was walking to retrieve another blade.
Kilen stood quickly and readied himself.
At that moment he remembered how Sgt.
Wells had hit him repeatedly during his short stay in Keepers.
If Gortus hit him with that force the same number of times as Sgt.
Wells did, he knew that he would not be able to stand much longer.
This was a defense building exercise, he was finally learning the blade.
Gortus returned with another wood sword in his hand and stood in front of Kilen.
I believe in learning by doing.
So I will teach you to defend yourself because you will have no other choice.
When you have become sufficient enough to defend yourself while standing we will start moving.
Do you agree with my training strategy.
Kilen smiled raised his shield, I do not have a choice.
By luck, Kilen managed to block a couple swipes of the flurry that came at him.
The second round ended when Kilen received a blow mid body doubling him over, followed by an attack to the back of the legs.
The attack to his legs swept his feet out from underneath him and sending him sprawling onto his back.
His head hit hard on one of the pebbles that Gortus had scattered in the arena for Kilen to crawl on.
His head spun.
Max was unable to help this kind of dizziness.
The dragging and crawling ages were to teach you to overcome pain and gain a sense of what your body could handle.
Unfortunately, I do not think that you would have stopped dragging yourself until you were dead.
Being able to block out that much pain means you will be able to finish the standing age a lot sooner than I.
Kilen reached up and found the pebble still lodged in his skin and mass of hair.
He pulled it out and felt the trickle of warm blood go down his neck.
He took his time rolling to all fours while the blood changed directions to the front of his neck and chest.
Are you going to stand, or do we need to go back to crawling.
the sentence was simple but it said mountains.
Kilen rose to his feet and took a fighting stance, still dizzy from hitting his head.
The blows continuously landed as Max tried to help Kilen by shouting, Dodge, shield, or sword to counter the attacks.
It seemed like forever before Leroy arrived with the noon meal, which Gortus immediately attacked just as he had been attacking Kilen.
Leroy began rubbing salves into the bruises and scrapes that he could find along Kilen exposed areas.
He wrapped a bandage around Kilen head, warning him to clean it later that day.
Kilen looked up from eating and noticed Mary stomping along the training grounds, splitting any group of soldiers that stood in her way.
They had obviously been warned of her temper as a fire wizard.
When Mary stepped into the blood ring, her emotions took on a look that Kilen had seen only once from her.
The day he had fought her and won in battle.
Gortus grunted at her and she smiled at him.
Kilen then remembered that any wizard or weapon bearer that comes near Gortus loses their ability to use magic, and with that they lose the emotional detriments.
This was the first time that Kilen had been around Mary with no anger, no wizard attributes.
It was just plain Mary.
Kilen, I hoped I would catch you during a quiet moment.
I wanted to let you know that I met your sister and she is doing well.
She smiled a devious smile, I also gave her a bit of work to do.
I have found that she is performing very well.
She pointed at the plates of food they were eating, She the reason the cooks can not get the temperature right, the reason the castle is sweltering, and the reason why no nobles have been able to get into bath water the last couple of days.
She provides the castle heat a little too well.
She smiled again at the deviousness of her training style.
Thank you very much, Mary.
I wish I had time to battle you again, but it seems that with training starting now I will not have very much time to spare.
Gortus interjected, I had hoped to match you against her next week.
I wanted to test your new skills on an opponent that would not pull punches.
I will not be needing yourskills as much now either, Kilen.
The king has another armor bearer he would like to train me against.
If all works out I should be going into town twice a week.
Do not worry, though I made a promise.
I will still check in on your sister for you.
She put her hand on Kilen leg for reassurance.
Keep training hard.
She is a sweet girl and I do not want to see her down there forever.
Kilen perked up at finding a clue to her whereabouts, Down where.
Why, underneath the castle, of course.
That is where all the fire wizards are.
Their rooms have pipes in them that lead up to different parts of the castle.
Your sister uses my tip and focuses all her efforts into the pipes.
Mary smiled despite of herself.
Leroy threw his hands in the air, Well that is why I can not cook anything right.
I am going to have to go to making my own fire like we did in keepers now that I know where the fire comes from.
Leroy kept complaining to himself as he wandered off towards the castle kitchen.
Mary stood as he left, I would love to stay and chat, but with present company I think I had better leave.
Train hard, Kilen.
With a nod, Mary walked away and very soon regained her stomping rampage through the training grounds.
Gortus stood after finishing his plate of food and started to pick up the scattered pieces of broken practice swords.
Seems as good a place as any to stop for the day.
Brandon, the earth wizard, requested that you meet him outside your barracks a little after noon today for some earth magic training.
You should go to him now.
Then you are to find Jace in town for scout training after the evening meal.
Where would I find him.
Kilen asked.
Gortus stopped with arms full of what had become kindling, I think that is the training.
You are supposed to find him.
Kilen mind raced.
He had no idea where to find Jace.
He knew nothing about the man, except for where he shopped.
He decided that he would have to start there.
You had better get going, Brandon is not as patient as other wizard trainers.
With a nod, Kilen turned to go and jogged his way to the barracks door where he found Brandon walking up.
Wizard Parker, I only just found out that you are supposed to train me now, he tried to remember anything that Brent had told him about his brother.
The only thing Kilen really knew was that Brandon had killed trainees by pushing them too hard too fast.
That is exactly what Kilen needed, to train fast.
Very well, let is get started then.
I was told my brother tried to do his best to train you in earth magic on the journey here, so I will be testing your abilities.
Kilen held his hand on the sword, ready for anything.
The wizard knelt down and stuck a single seed into the ground.
Standing he said, Make it bear fruit.
Kilen thought that it was an easy enough task.
He felt the seed and forced it to grow, providing water from the air and nutrients from the ground it sprouted and grew.
The seed grew to a waist high bush and sprouted large black berries.
One of which was plucked from the bush and plopped into Brandon mouth.
Very good, was all he said, as he filled a small cloth with berries.
I will see you in one week at this same hour for more training.
Kilen was confused, this lesson only lasted a few moments and had taught him nothing.
Wait, uhm.
Are you supposed to teach me something.
I am sorry, Kilen.
I wish that I could, but my brother gave me specific instructions not to push you too hard.
He had words with Twilix, also.
You are blackout during her training has put us on a very slow training path.
Remember one week from today, right here.
He was popping more berries in his mouth even as he turned to leave.
Kilen watched him as he walked away, while stretching and testing his bruised muscles.
We will have to practice on our own if he cannot teach us more.
I have learned some of the earth magic, Max said.
I use to be an armor bearer of earth, but they do not let you carry any imbued materials while still getting use to the fire armor, just in case you decide to leave or you destroy them while burning yourself up.
Kilen agreed, but did not speak because of the people around now enjoying fresh berries he had provided.
He moved inside to his room and found a stack of clothes on the bed, including a pair of worn leather boots that had been broken in to perfection.
He took his time getting out of his armor and changing into his newish clothes.
Kilen had nowhere to be until after evening meal and enjoyed doing some of his own work.
He polished his armor and sword, patched his clothing, organized his wardrobe and chest, and even had time to work in his book.
Still, there was not enough to keep him busy, so he picked up the bow Bowie had bought him and strapped it on.
At least he could get some practice on the bow before he had to find Jace.
He crossed the training grounds and found Bowie in the same uniform as the full soldiers, standing with a patch on his chest showing the rank of a sergeant.
The trainees he had were all new and were fumbling to keep up with his commands and instructions.
Kilen leaned on a post setting out distances on the range until Bowie saw him observing.
John, can you take over with this lot.
I have a weapon bearer to attend.
A couple of the trainees stared slack jaw at Kilen when Bowie shouted.
Finally decided to pay your friend a visit, eh.
well, it is about time.
Sorry, I have been a little busy lately, but I have been trying to make it over here.
Is this a good time.
Are you kidding me, it is always a good time.
I took this position was so I could train you whenever you could come by.
Oh, I am also the tester for the bow skills so if you want to test out now, and save yourself a week of training Kilen stretched the bow string on the bow to test its strength, Let is just see if I can hit the target before you try and test me.
That is fine with me.
By the way, I heard about your fight with the fire wench.
Nice job.
Kilen turned to face Bowie, The fire wench is the council seat for the Fire Realm and she helping train Kara so that she will not be stuck in a dungeon below the castle.
Please do not call her that again.
Yeah sorry, I did not know.
He paused before resuming the conversation, She helping Kara, eh.
Yes, and checking on her because I won that match on the field.
She killed the last wielder that went up against her.
I was just trying to help Kara.
You do not have to try so hard Kilen.
I am here to help, remember.
My pay as a sergeant will more than cover her training costs.
Here, let is just get some shooting in.
It will calm you down.
Bowie showed Kilen where to stand and handed him a quiver of arrows.
Remember, elbow straight out, string and knock to the cheek, release at the pause in your breathing, and use only the first two fingers to pull the string.
Bowie had given him these instructions before and they had helped tremendously.
Kilen concentrated very hard on his breathing, holding the bow at full extension with little effort, thanks to his rings.
He released the arrow and it struck the outside of the target.
Again, Bowie commanded.
Kilen pulled another arrow and made adjustments to his aim, then let a second arrow fly.
It landed closer to the middle of the target.
Bowie pulled Kilen by his shirt back to the next further post.
Try this one, but this time put your elbow just a little higher.
Remember it should be straight out and level.
If you were in a battle formation it would pointing up at an angle to match the archer to your right.
Kilen pulled the arrow tight and pointed his elbow as Bowie had instructed.
He let the arrow fly and it landed between his first two shots.
Bowie smiled, Congratulations, you just passed archery.
Kilen lowered the bow and turned to Bowie with surprise.
You do not have to take it easy on me, Bowie.
I really want to learn this.
Do not worry.
That was farther than what John had required before I took over.
Just keep coming back and training with me and I will do my best to make you even better.
Kilen nodded and Bowie dug into his belts pouch to produce a small silver pin.
Keep this pin.
It will be presented to the armies commander the day before graduation.
All the classes you pass will have one similar.
The more you have the higher in status you will be amongst the soldiers in the army.
Thanks, I need as much time as I can get to train in some of the others.
This will put me ahead of the schedule that I was going to have to keep.
Yeah, any little bit helps.
In order for me to keep the rank I have to pass a few classes, also.
I might come looking to you for advice.
Kilen smiled, I have a book with a lot of good information on herbs, cooking, and the like.
Actually, it is more of the battle strategy, history, and maps classes that I will need help with.
That will not be a problem.
I should be able to teach you but you will probably want to go to a few classes just to make sure.
Sorry Bowie, I have another appointment to make today and I need to eat dinner before I can make the appointment.
That is ok.
By the way, thank you for sending Leroy to go to town with me last night.
We had a good time and won a few dice games as well.
That kid sure can throw knives.
He made all the money I lost on dice back and then some.
Kilen was already walking out of the arena while he spoke, No problem.
Oh, by the way Chit is an armor bearer.
Keep an eye out for him, will you.
Bowie nodded to Kilen and then went back to shouting commands at the new recruits.
Kilen meant it as more of a warning, than as looking out for their friend Chit.
Kilen wanted as much time possible to search for Jace so he made his way to the kitchens in search of an early meal.
He found Leroy outside the kitchen looking at a pile of thick stones, cook pots, and travel stoves.
I am telling you Master Harvel, I will not cook anymore inside that kitchen until the heat pans out.
Those fire wizards are making too much heat and it is causing my recipes to be robbed of their nutrients.
It is build an outside kitchen or I go back to scrubbing pots.
Harvel scrubbed his stubble covered chin with his knuckles as he thought.
Fine, but by tomorrow you had better be able to make more of those Kapal dishes.
Master Harvel waved his ladle around his head yelling at Leroy like he had done when they had first arrived.
The King is quite fond of them.
He said that I had better start making them for his champion also.
I gave the King my word I would provide it for him.
You had better hurry and start making your kitchen and making me some proper food.
He walked away still muttering to himself about some fool champion eating too much as it was.
Leroy started to pick up the stones and set them in a ring.
He did not notice Kilen walking up behind him.
I can help if you want, Leroy.
The young boy looked up while still holding a stone in two hands.
I could use the help.
Have you ever built a cooking ring before.
Kilen smiled, I helped build a couple for spring fest a few years ago.
Of course, the inn keeper just told me what to put where.
I believe we can help him better than just moving stones around Kilen, Max announced.
I have some experience with earth magic, perhaps I can describe it to you just like Brent did on the way here.
You need to practice with earth magic anyway, so I might be able to provide help in that area.
Joahna joined in, I think this is a great idea.
Tell the boy to step back and let Max guide you.
Leroy, can you step back.
I think I can build one a lot quicker with magic than both of us can together.
Kilen put a hand to his sword to gain as much control over the magic as he could muster.
He wanted to ask why Max had not attempted to teach him before this.
He was thinking of multiple opportunities where Max could have taught.
Leroy took a few steps away and braced himself for feeling Kilen earth shaking magic.
First, feel the rocks just as you feel the water in the air.
See them and know that you can move them just like water.
When I learned, my teacher taught me to sculpt with the stones, seeing them as putty instead of solid stones.
You need to change your perception of rock and see what it can be instead of what it seems to be.
Kilen muttered under his breath, See the rock for what it can be, and not what it is.
He closed his eyes and felt the rocks.
They were different than the water.
As he looked closer he saw that in some ways it was the same.
Small pieces of water made up a puddle, drop, or stream.
Together they formed a mass that held together to become something larger than themselves.
Kilen looked at the rock and found smaller pieces of earth formed together to make the stones.
These pieces were small and sometimes made of different types of minerals.
He felt each one and then attempted to move them like he moved the water.
Each piece resisted his movements.
He pushed harder, using more and more of his mental force to move the minerals inside the stone.
Be careful, Max said just before the stone exploded into particles of dust.
The bits sprayed Kilen, Leroy, and a couple of soldiers that were passing by.
It looked as though Kilen was an old book on a bookshelf covered with dust.
Leroy looked about the same.
He smiled at Leroy, Let me try one more time.
Max chimed in, Maybe it is not like water all flowing in the same direction.
You need tore arranged the particles.
Stacking them on one another to form what you want to make.
This skill is finer than amassing one large ball of one type of element.
Inside the stone are many types.
You must re arrange them like stacking toy wooden blocks on each other.
Kilen found a stone of his liking and began again.
This time the particles started to move inside, each mineral switching with its neighbor until it had formed a square block with like minerals surrounding it.
Kilen moved and picked it up and sat it away from the others.
Kilen worked faster on the second stone and faster again on the third.
Leroy moved the finished blocks and began building them in a circle on the dirt.
Soon Kilen and Leroy had formed a stone block cylinder.
Kilen remembered how they needed to be sealed with mortar so that no smoke or heat escapes.
It needed a door to put firewood in and a chimney to let out the smoke.
Kilen pushed the seams of the blocks together to make a solid mass.
Then, as he imagined the rocks to be clay, formed a door for the fire and a chimney in the back.
Leroy watched in wonder as the structure took form, seemingly of its own accord.
Leroy smiled and was excited seeing structure.
He gave a few adjustments to the design.
After it was formed Kilen smiled at his handy work.
The feelings were reflected from Max inside his head.
I am sorry Kilen, I have nothing for you to eat.
I got tired of the food being burnt and over cooked.
I stopped making it so I could collect the stuff for this cooker.
Kilen held up a hand to stop Leroy from gibbering.
I think you have given me more that you thought today.
Let is just go and get whatever they are serving everyone else today.
Leroy nodded and ran off to find some food.
Master Harvel soon returned to examine the new cooker.
He moved to sit beside Kilen.
Can you make more of those, Master Everheart.
I am sorry, my name is Kilen.
Yes, I can make more of them.
If you find the materials for me.
The scrawny man perked up, I will find the materials for you.
What can I pay you to make them for me, Masuhm Kilen.
Actually Master Harvel, I quite liked making it.
If you find the materials and continue providing for Leroy the ingredients for his food I will gladly make you a few more.
It will give me the opportunity to practice my skill in earth magic.
Kilen turned to see Chit and Brandon both looking at him from another table.
Chit was red in the face and looked to be quite angry.
Brandon on the other hand, lowered his head, showing his approval of the use of earth magic.
Leroy returned with three plates and some boiling tea.
See what I mean.
I put the water on then fetched the stew.
By the time I had returned it was already boiling.
Kilen cooled the tea in the kettle using his skill in water and poured himself a cup of tea at the perfect temperature.
Leroy poured himself some and they sat and talked about what else they could make from the stones that would aid in the cooking.
Master Harvel was supposed to teach classes on how to cook food and decided to use the stoves for his classes.
He said it would save his kitchen from being destroyed by new recruits.
When Kilen was finished eating he excused himself and told Leroy he would see him later in the room.
He departed and pulled the cloak hood about his face as he walked out the castle side gate which was set aside for soldiers.
He had thought a lot about where to find Jace and how to begin, but the truth was he knew little to nothing about the man.
The only thing he did know was that everyone knew him as a different name, he shopped at specific shops in town.
Kilen decided that he had better start by visiting the same places that he knew Jace shopped and move on from there.
He would see if he could get any information from shopkeepers while he was there.
Kilen moved casually amongst the people of Deuterium, finding his way to the run down shops.
His water vision was being pushed to its limits constantly and he pushed it as far as he could around him.
He was watching for people following him or acting strange.
Soon he was passing by Izabel shop and he decided to go inside.
When he cleared the doorway he saw the shop was empty and the plants had all been cut short.
He could see the counter and the box with the scale inside from the front door.
He walked to the counter and knocked on it a few times.
Izabel came from the back wearing a bright green dress and had her hair done up in a bun.
The same long stake was sticking out the side waiting for its next victim.
I was wondering when you were going to show up.
she smiled from behind the counter, You are friend said you would be dropping by today.
Leroy did not mention that he had been there already.
Did he come and get more herbs.
Kilen asked.
She looked back, confused.
No not that friend, the other one.
He was about this tall, a little older than you.
He said you would be stopping by, and when you did he wanted me to give you a message.
Kilen knew exactly who had been there.
Jace.
What is the message then.
Kilen got frustrated that Jace would so obviously predict his movements when he knew nothing of Jace.
He was chastising himself for not paying closer attention to his movements.
Her sweet honey of a voice spoke such frustrating words.
He said that when you stop thinking like a farm boy and start thinking like a weapon bearer you will find him.
He said your work was finished when you gave up or found him and he would know either way.
Kilen thought the words over.
It had given him no more clue where to find Jace.
Well I am here now, so is there anything I can do for you.
Still frustrated, with the words he tried to think of something else.
I was hoping that you would have brought that boy with you.
I got all cleaned up and put on one of my best dresses and yet again you did not bring him.
She put her hands on her hips and reminded Kilen of what his sister looked like when she was pouting.
When Kara did that he would ruffle her hair and push her down until she stopped her pouting.
He knew that if he attempted with Izabel he would be likely to lose an eye or a hand in the process.
Instead, he tried to think of a neutral solution in his response.
I was going to bring him but I did not want him causing any more problems.
If you do not mind I will grow your plants out today and send him to collect tomorrow.
If you do not mind of course.
She looked him over and finally gave a nod in agreement.
Kilen closed his eyes and felt every struggling plant in the room.
Soon they bloomed to life, growing rapidly into tall plants.
Each produced its own scents, flowers, and seeds.
The room was filled with bursting plant life and Izabel twirled in wonder, giggling.
I do not think that I will ever become tired of seeing that.
It is a wonder how these plants grow like that all the timebut much much slower.
May I do another casting of you, Kilen.
He smiled and nodded, knowing it would be the same as before.
She found her bag of bones and purple book under the counter and performed her ritual.
She held her hands to the sky and casting the bones along the counter.
They skidded to a stop in a different formation than before.
Izabel clicked her tongue at the bones, seems your enemies stack against you, Kilen.
He looked up in confusion.
What enemies.
She shrugged and looked through her book and showed Kilen pages showing the two bones on top of each other meaning enemies.
She showed him the identity bone meaning the person getting the casting.
Enemies stacks lay on every side of the identity bone, showing it was surrounded.
Well, it seems that you have been making some enemies and they have found each other and are working to come at you from all sides.
Feeling very isolated and alone, Kilen wanted to draw his sword in the middle of her store.
He looked about as if these enemies would jump out at him as he stood there.
She laughed, it is some time away yet, silly.
See how the bones do not touch the identity bone, that means you have time to find them and prevent them from attacking.
She frowned while she searched though the book, Although it does not say how long.
Strange.
Kilen swallowed, he desperately wanted to know the amount of time he had before they attacked, but knew it was no use.
Thank you forwell the message and the casting.
If you do not mind, I have some more errands to get to.
I will send Leroy tomorrow to collect some herbs.
He attempted to smile, then turned to leave the store.
He was freighted and now found himself avoiding shadows and alleyways.
He heard Izabel whistling as he passed the windows of her shop, as if it was just another day.
He knew now she was crazy.
She had just told him that he could be attacked at any time, by a lot of enemies.
She was not worried at all.
In fact, she was happy and whistling.
He kept moving through the city, towards the shop he had purchased his cloak from.
He felt as if eyes were watching his every move.
He pushed his vision in all directions until Joahna spoke to him.
Calm down, it is some time yet before we are attacked.
We cannot be frightened by enemies that we do not know or we would live in fear of every moment.
Instead, we must see as Jace told you.
We must always expect an attack.
He said that spies could be anywhere, which should tell you that you should always think of yourself as being in danger.
Just prepare yourself for an attack at all times.
Let your enemies think that you are not prepared and you shall prevail.
Kilen took the words to heart and felt Max bolstering his courage.
He felt a little better and thought about how he had prepared himself by pushing his vision out.
He did something he thought would be unpredictable by his enemies.
He turned down an alley that was shadowed by the tall buildings.
He felt the water surrounding him and beggars and homeless people in the corners and under garbage as he moved through the dark alley.
One man he saw had only stagnant water inside him.
He knew now that he was in the darker parts of the city when he passed by the dead man.
When he felt as if he was out of the eyes of his enemies on the street he gathered his strength and leapt to the top of the building and scrambled onto its roof.
He now stood high above the city and he could see into the castle grounds and the roofs of all the buildings surrounding.
Kilen looked up at the three massive trees that shaded the noon sun from the city.
In the evening sun he knew that he should be searching the city for Jace, but he had no idea where to look for him.
Instead he sat thinking of the message relayed to him, picking it apart as though it were a word puzzle.
He spoke aloud to the roof and the two men inside his head, Stop thinking like a farm boy, and start thinking like a weapon bearer.
What do you think that means.
Joahna spoke first, It means do not go looking for him where you know he will not be.
You will have to find him somewhere other than where he has shown you that he has been known to visit.
Max added his agreement.
Kilen moved on to the second part of the message.
Your work is finished when you give up or find me, and he will know either way.
All three sat in silence as the sun slowly drifted towards the evening horizon.
Joahna and Max voiced ideas and disregarded them after short discussion.
Nothing was making any sense until Kilen worked the words over in his mind.
I might be onto something guys.
He said that he would know either way.
That means if I give up he would know that I returned to the castle.
He has to be near the castle, or at least one of the gates.
Either that or he is having all the gates watched and he has runners to get him if you give up, Max said.
I think you are on to something.
If he is inside or watching the gates then the only way to find him is to give up, Joahna felt like a ball of excitement in his mind.
Not the only way, Max said.
If we want to pass this test, then we will need to figure out how to get him to show himself.
Which means setting up a decoy.
Kilen let the two men argue about the way to get Jace to reveal himself and how to find a decent enough decoy to fool Jace.
Guys, Kilen said, stopping them from arguing.
They both stopped and listened intently.
I have a plan.
Max, I will form an elemental and put my cloak over it and let you take its form.
You will walk in, keeping yourself covered as much as possible.
They would recognize the pins on the shoulders and will send for Jace.
I will go through the side gate and come to the front.
When Jace comes to let me know I have failed I will show up behind him.
The two were floored by the plan lack of flaws.
How did you think of that.
Max asked.
I thought like a weapon bearer, Kilen said simply.
He dropped down into an alley near the main gate and started forming a man of water that resembled himself.
He closed his eyes as Max described how to keep Kilen from passing out when Max returned.
When the elemental was as perfect as Kilen could make it, he tried to extend his mind into the form and found Max pushing as well.
The concussion in his head made him wobble on his feet.
Max moved slowly in the form, as Kilen moved to throw the cloak around his shoulders and put the pins identifying himself as a weapon and blade bearer.
Kilen leapt to the roof and leaned down to talk to Max who was jumping and stretching his watery arms.
Give me a moment to get started towards the side gate.
I will not enter until I see a fog cloud at the main gate.
Max looked up and waved.
I will see you inside, Max seemed to smile, relishing having the opportunity to have his own body again, even if it did look like Kilen.
Kilen moved along the roofs and found the side gate.
He saw the cloud moving to the main gate.
Weapon bearers and armor bearers alike came out to challenge the wielder of the fog.
Kilen heard them call off the alarm and he made his move for the side gate.
When he did he saw a man near the front gate that he had barely noticed before sitting on a barrel whittling on a stick.
The man was now sheathing his knife while approaching Max in elemental form.
As silently as he could, Kilen leapt through the grounds to catch up to Jace.
Which was not silent at all.
When Jace came to where he could see the person in the fog he stopped and tilted his head to the side.
Then the cloaked man spun to face Kilen coming from behind, drawing his sword.
Kilen did the same and formed a water shield on his wrist.
Jace slammed the sword into Kilen, as guards and soldiers scrambled to collect their weapons to come to his aid.
The first hit of Jace sword stuck into Kilen shield and Jace left the blade in place as he smiled at Kilen.
Well done, he said.
Jace turned to the soldiers and gate guards who were forming a circle around the them.
All is well.
It was just a bit of training for the new recruit.
You can all return to your stations.
Max left the elemental body with reluctance as Kilen stood staring at him.
The water statue turned to ice, and stood looking at Kilen frozen in time.
Kilen felt Max snap back to his mind, but the effect was less than before.
Kilen knew that Joahna had done little to help.
He was becoming use to the minds moving in and out of his consciousness.
He hoped soon it would take no effort at all.
Jace and Kilen talked the whole way to the barracks about what had taken Kilen so long, and what other ideas he had thought about when trying to find him.
Jace cheered him on or put down each idea that Kilen had, in order to teach him what he should have done.
When they arrived at Kilen barracks Jace gave Kilen his schedule in advance for the first time.
I have laid out your days ahead just like today.
You will train with Gortus in the morning, then lunch, then wizard training with one of the four elements.
After that you will attempt to attend a class, then evening meal and training with me.
Sword, eat, magic, class, eat, scout training.
I think I got it.
Jace nodded that he indeed had the schedule down.
If you do not attend magic training with a wizard I would try and get into extra classes.
The less down time you have the more you are able to accomplish.
Tomorrow evening when it is my turn to teach, you will find me on the rooftops near the market place in town.
Find me there without letting anyone see you, or draw notice of me.
Only wielders sit on rooftops and wielders work for the king.
We do not want to scare anyone off.
Kilen repeated the instructions and left to find his bed.
He spent no time in getting to bed.
For the first time he was a little tired.
Then he realized that he had only eaten one meal by Leroy.
He hoped that his new cooker would allow him to get more cooked in the morning.
Max was becoming tense in his mind as Kilen laid down in bed.
Kilen pulled the water from the basin in the wash stand leaving all the dust and debris that he had washed off.
He formed the water into the shape of a small man and pushed the small voice in his head into it.
The lack of Max in his head made him feel a little alone but then he heard the small man slip to the floor in a splash.
Kilen looked off the bed as the puddle formed itself back into a tiny person.
Kilen rolled back over and fell to sleep.
Kara was getting a lot better about controlling her anger.
The men that came to deliver her meals would now step inside, instead of just unlatching the small hole at the bottom of her door to slide them in.
She had eaten considerably better since she started to exert her energy on the inhabitants of the castle above.
She often kept at least one hand on fire in order to be able to see her cell walls and interior.
It would make her angry to sit and think in the dark and so she would keep her hand as a torch to help control herself.
Earlier in the morning Kara had been given a present for being able to control herself.
She was given the gift of water in a wash stand.
The porcelain basin would glow if it was heated long enough.
She had cracked it in her attempt to melt it down.
Then she remembered that her mother had told her if you heat types of clay to rapidly they would crack.
She had not made a second attempt to melt the basin now empty of boiled off water.
She had taken a liking to wearing the leather outfit that Mary brought her.
It had not weakened or burnt away.
It provided just enough cover for her more intimate skin to keep her decent from the men eyes.
Although the guards that entered the room often cowered behind shields wet and dripping of water.
She had been given no other luxury than the basin and the improvement in food as she spent her days trying to control her anger.
Soon enough she heard a pair of soft soled shoes walking in the corridor outside her room.
The men that visited her wore plate or mail armor and made too much noise as they approached.
She wondered if it was Mary coming to visit her again.
She was unsure if she should trust Mary, but the effect Mary had on her was calming.
She welcomed anything that would make her less angry.
The door opened to reveal Mary with a canvas sack on her shoulder.
I hear you have been taking my advice.
She looked around and saw the empty wash stand, then poked her head back outside the door.
Fetch some water to fill this basin and bring her evening meal.
Mary turned back to face Kara, who was now standing with flickers of sparks randomly leaping from her body.
Mary reached into the canvas sack and pulled out another leather outfit like the one Mary already wore and then sat the bag on the metal rack for a bed.
I have another present from outside, but I will explain before I bring it in.
I have a small crate of candles.
One of the things I hated most about being down here was there was no light unless I created it.
I have the same problem, Kara replied raising her lit hand.
Mary smiled and sat down on the bed, followed by a reluctant Kara.
I found it very difficult to keep myself from melting the candles before they could do any good.
I did learn a couple secrets though.
The corner near the door is cooler than the rest of the cell, assuming you are still pushing all your heat upward into the pipes.
I will bring more candles every time I visit.
I am putting them on your brothers tab so use them as much as you want.
I have brought enough to keep you in at least one candle light for a week.
Mary looked around the small room again, Well, keep up the good work.
Try not to burn all the candles at once.
If you can learn to keep one lit then you will be progressing in your control.
Wait, you are teaching me to control myself.
Mary looked into Kara eyes.
I thought that you were just coming to check on me.
Well it started out that way, but when I met you I was reminded of what it was like to be in here.
So I decided that I would give you something that I did not havea teacher.
I realize that it may not seem like much, but you have done much already.
The key to being released of this cell, is by learning to control your magic.
Which means controlling your anger.
The ceiling provides a release of that anger, a focus of a type.
You are taking your anger out on the people that punish you for being a wizard, the people of this castle.
While you do that you weaken the effect that the magic has on you and you release anger.
Kara looked at the pipes and was ready to start turning up the temperature on those people wandering the castle yet again.
Each ability that you learn to control will help you overcome your anger.
For instance, since you began focusing your fire through the pipes.
You have been rewarded with your wash stand and because you no longer try and burn your guards to cinders when they open your door.
I have candles for you now to teach you to control your fire with a smaller target.
I believe if you learn to light one candle without melting it to nothing, you will be rewarded with a mattress.
Beyond that I will bring some people in here to try and have conversations with you, and eventually the King to see that you are not dangerous.
When you can do that, you will be able to leave your cell for small periods of time with escorts like me or a water wizard.
Mary waited for Kara to say something, but Kara sat looking down at her hands in silence.
Is there anything I can do for you while you learn to control your abilities down here.
Let me know when the people of the castle want me to turn down the heat so I can crank it up a notch.
Mary laughed and Kara turned angrily to face her, she did not like being made fun of.
Flames started to lace their way up Kara arms and shoulders.
Mary simply held up a hand knowing she would not be hurt by the girl flames.
Kara sweetie, they whole castle seems to have taken a liking to the early spring heat.
They cook outside because you have burned every meal since our last meeting, and even the King spends most of his day on the terraces, and battlements now.
Mary was laughing louder now, and soon Kara flames trickled away, and she began laughing too.
Kilen woke on his own before Leroy, or Max could.
It was the first time that he had felt rested enough to do it on his own.
A few moments later Leroy walked in the door, and laid the tray on the table before starting in on fussing over Kilen ripped clothes laying on the floor, or unpolished boots in the wardrobe.
Master Harvel is having a load of supplies dropped off for more cookers to be made.
I think he has bought enough to make a dozen of them.
Kilen was already pulling the covered tray over when he paused.
Well he will have to bring a couple of workers to help put the stones in the right place if I am supposed to build that many.
I do not think that he requires that they are all built today, Kilen.
I think he just wants to have the supplies ready so that you can make the most you have time for.
Kilen nodded and started to eat his food which once again contained the familiar heat of spices he had come to enjoy.
He quickly finished his plate and ate the tarts that Leroy had put on the tray because he liked them, not because they offered relief from the heat in his mouth.
It seems I have a schedule now, Leroy so we should be able to set up times for you to venture into town and to have meals prepared.
It should allow you to make the most of your day instead of always trying to guess when to feed me.
Kilen, I have always brought your food when I wanted.
Gortus and the others seem to stop what they are doing when I am around it is strange.
Kilen thought to himself and remembered that they did seem to stop training every time Leroy came around.
He wondered why they would do that.
Joahna spoke to him, They have training secrets that they do not wish to share.
Kilen nodded his head in response and saw Leroy looking at him with one eyebrow perked.
Kilen cleared his throat and rubbed his chest, trying to pass off the nodding as something elseanything else.
Leroy nodded in response to clearing of his throat so it must have worked.
Kilen quickly started to get dressed without saying anything.
Joahna was afraid to talk in front of anyone anymore, less Kilen try to respond to him.
Kilen put on his armor and Leroy assisted him strapping them on and pulling the leather straps tight.
He then went to the door and opened it but before he could go through, remembered that Max was in the elemental.
He turned sharply to look back in the room.
Leroy stood and brought a small knife out of his apron to roll across the back of his fingers, finally holding it by the blade ready to throw.
Kilen looked at the basin empty of water, then frantically his eyes searched the room.
He caught a small puddle rippling by the far end of the bed against the wall.
He knew it must be Max, a small part of him relaxed.
Max leaped back into his consciousness.
The effect caused Kilen to waver slightly and he took two long blinks to keep from blacking out.
Kilen was not ready for him to enter in his mind.
Leroy was looking around as if the walls could attack him.
Kilen finally came to his senses and smiled.
Sorry, got up too fast.
It was the only thing that he could think of at the time.
Leroy slipped the knife back into his apron and chuckled a little.
You had better dunk your head in some water before you get to the practice ring.
If you black out from turning too quickly Gortus will beat you so you can not get up.
They both chuckled at that.
Yeah, I think I will.
Kilen wanted to give a talking to Max but Joahna already was.
They argued until Kilen tried to shout inside his head.
It must have worked because they both became very silent.
Kilen tried to talk to them again but it was hard to form words so he just shouted to them both one word, Morning.
They both responded the like, and Kilen was elated that he had been able to speak to them inside his own mind.
He could feel their joy also.
It was a start, an awkward one but still very good way to start the day.
Gortus was waiting in the same spot as always.
Kilen approached and they began the daily ritual of kneeling to pray.
Kilen assumed his position in the center and without a word Gortus began the assault.
Today was harder and faster than before, earning Kilen welts before he had time to react.
He was struggling inside his mind.
He was giving up on defending himself and attempting to land a swing on Gortus.
The act landed him a well deserved lump on the head that made Kilen waver and fall down.
How am I supposed to defend myself if I cannot see your blade move.
Gortus stood looming over Kilen, with his blade propped on his shoulder, Stand.
Kilen did as he was told and brushed the dirt from his pants.
Kilen was frustrated and his face gave it away.
He was red and wore a scowl directed at Gotus.
He was learning nothing of swordsmanship.
He was only learning to take a beating.
Look into my eyes, and stop watching the blade.
Defending yourself will be harder with me than with others but you will learn to better yourself through pain.
Already your body tries to take over with anger.
You must not let it.
Focus on my eyes, and watch my feet move at the same time and soon you will be able to predict my attacks.
Even without being able to see my blade move.
He tried to do as Gortus asked, but found that his gray eyes were unnerving.
Kilen looked away and received a series of raps against his sword arm, but he managed to hold onto his sword despite the arm going numb.
Max was silent in Kilen mind, trying to let him concentrate.
He redoubled his efforts and forced himself to look into the dark skinned man eyes.
The two were locked in a battle of vision as Gortus moved about the ring, spinning his sword and smiling with his pointed teeth all the while.
Then the attack came.
Kilen almost got his sword up in time.
Then another and another finally Kilen was able to deflect a wide swing by Gortus.
The deflection was followed by a downward swing and Kilen brought his practice sword up to meet it above his head.
The wood vibrated as they hit Kilen was so excited that he had managed to stop two attacks that he forgot to block a third wide swing towards his sword arm side.
The blow landed alongside Kilen neck.
When he woke Gortus looked down upon him, If you lay there any longer I would say you were trying to skip out on today lessons.
Kilen pulled himself up and the world spun and twisted and finally he emptied his stomach on the practice ring.
Some trainees in a nearby ring laughed at him but Gortus stood and they all went silent.
Kilen knew what it was like to be at the other end of that stare.
He slowly regained his balance and stood picking up his practice sword as he did.
Unsteadily he raised his shield and sword to start another round.
Gortus raised his chin to the side of the arena where Kilen saw Leroy sitting with two covered dishes and water skins.
Kilen readied himself anyways.
One more round Master Gortus.
I want to leave with a small amount of success today.
Grotus smiled then looked around Kilen at Leroy and the covered dishes that sat beside him.
He licked his lips, running his tongue over the pointed teeth.
Fine, I guess I have to knock you down quick this time.
Gortus started swinging as Kilen stared into the depths of his cold gray eyes.
He felt the attack more than saw it.
It collided with his shield, sending vibrations through Kilen arm.
The second swing was on the sword side of his body.
Kilen swatted it away, angling his sword so that the force of his swing was not a direct hit.
Kilen finally saw his mistake in the way he blocked.
His sword was too high, leaving his midsection open.
He felt the wood before he saw the practice blade start swinging.
He doubled over in pain, attempting to catch his breath to keep from blacking out.
When he was finally able to breathe, he looked up and found Gortus already digging into one of the plates.
Leroy was smiling and Kilen knew now the reason why they did not allow Leroy to see him trainingit was Gortus stomach.
Twilix will be waiting for your training today.
She said to meet her in the gardens, as usual.
Kilen was excited to be training with Twilix again, so he shoved his mouth full of food and barely chewed as he ate.
He choked a couple times but it did not deter him from eating as fast as he could.
Leroy talked to Gortus about all the dishes that they would like to try.
Some of the meat was not available in the Earth Realm.
Some of the meat Leroy flat out refused to cook, like rat kabobs.
Kilen left the two to talk as he made his way to meet Twilix.
Max was a bundle of excitement in the back of his mind at the prospect of getting to use an elemental body again.
Today is my turn at the elemental, Max.
I think that I can impress the water wizard more anyway.
I was able to discern how to use many of the water magic abilities.
You will have to wait for another day to try your hand at it again.
Besides, you stayed up all last night casting spells under the barracks.
Kilen slowed as he walked the halls, speaking softly so that the men in his head could hear him but any passerby would think that he was thinking out loud.
You were casting spells underneath the barracks.
Max was now feeling a little let down at not getting to take elemental form but answered anyway.
If I practiced in the room or outside someone would have noticed.
Leroy would have seen me for sure.
That boy sleeps lightly.
So to keep from drawing attention I melted myself through the cracks in the floor.
The crawl space below is filled by mice and one fat cat to keep them at bay.
I was able to kill three rats silently.
I think the cat will soon be a good friend of ours.
How is the training going.
Kilen asked as he passed by a servant cleaning a vase.
We have learned a lot, Kilen.
I think you will be pleasantly surprised at my abilities today.
Max never was quick with the ability to use magic offensively but from what he told me he is coming along nicely.
When did you two talk.
I have been listening all day and Max did not return to my mind until after I woke this morning, so you could not have talked to him while I was sleeping.
Kilen stopped outside the door to the king gardens and waited for an answer.
I have found our presence in your mind to be distracting during your training or conversations.
So we have found a way to go around your conscious mind and slip our speaking into your recesses of your mind.
This way we do not distract you during your day.
We are starting to find the walls in your mind, and figure out a way around them.
Kilen knew that was the best answer he was going to get at the moment, but he would re enter the conversation later.
Inside the gardens he found the usual flowers in full bloom, but this was the first day that he did not find a small layer of fresh dew on the petals and leaves.
He also did not find anyone else in the garden.
He sat down his shield and wandered the garden looking for any herbs that were present.
Soon he heard a light shoe brushing the stone path in the garden.
He turned and saw Twilix approach.
Her eyes had dark rings around the edges and her shoulders hung low as if she were exhausted.
She went straight to the bench and sat down.
With great effort she slowly took a book from the folds in her dress and started reading.
Kilen wondered if she had even seen him standing there.
He cleared his throat and slowly her head rose to look at him.
She smiled a smile that reflected the innocence of a child and Kilen once again set his mind straight that she was a dangerous wizard.
Is something wrong, Twilix.
he asked.
It took a moment for her to answer, The king has me on a few tasks that have drained me.
I apologize, but I am afraid I will be little use to you in your training.
It is a good thing that there is little to teach you, Kilen.
You have mastered some things that take wizards years to learn and you did it in such a small amount of time.
It is a wonder that more weapon bearers are not being chosen by their intellect instead of the strength of their arms.
Perhaps if they were we would we have a lot better relationships with our surrounding realms.
Kilen had no idea what to say but he did have an idea of what he could do for her.
He pulled magic through the earth rings and gave her the energy she lacked.
He even healed her body a small amount, before she could hold up her hand to stop him.
He stopped, the rings on her eyes had lessened and she sat a little straighter.
You should not do that again until I tell you to.
Her eyes were intense and blazing with fury at him.
I am sorry, Kilen.
I am sworn to the King on this matter so I cannot tell you why you must not heal or re energize me.
You have to trust me when I say that the less you help me the better it will be for you.
I think that your lesson is over for today.
You have not taught me anything.
He snapped at her.
He was just trying to help.
A moment went by before Twilix un tensed her body and stopped trying to stare down Kilen.
You told me that you would train meyou promised.
She sighed and slowly stood up.
Fine, if you must hold me to my word I will train you, but not in elemental.
It is too dangerous for me to watch over you in such a weakened state.
He smiled back at her, That is fine.
I have been practicing on my own anyway.
Her fury grew as her fists went to her side in anger.
YOU WHAT.
You are not supposed to do that, you could kill yourself.
The last time you did it you nearly did.
Kilen noticed that she was shaking, whether or not that was from fury or from exhaustion was another question.
I have control of it now.
I know what I did wrong when I let go of the form.
I have done it nearly twice a day since the day you showed me.
Kilen pleaded for her to understand.
You will not attempt an elemental unless someone is there to instruct you.
Do you understand.
He nodded his head in reluctance.
Good, let is get on with this training.
We will practice the more delicate side to magicart.
Today you will sculpt the likeness of your mother in ice for me, using only magic to do so.
Kilen nodded and began gathering water from the air and building it into a large mound to work with.
Joahna voice came determined, Make me an elemental.
Kilen rejected the idea in his mind hoping the feelings he was having would come across.
They must have because Joahna spoke again, She said that you should not summon an elemental without someone there to instruct you, she is here to instruct you.
You break no promise made.
As Kilen thought it over he came to the conclusion that Joahna was right, he had promised that he would not make one without someone present to teach him.
She did promise to show him again someday, why not now.
He formed the mass of ice into a person form without any details in the face and body, and then started to lay down.
He knew that he did not need to lay down, but it would probably be better for him to make the show in front of Twilix so that she did not get suspicious.
What are you doing.
If she was weak there would be nothing she could do to stop him from creating an elemental.
He pressed on.
Sculpting you a statue of my mother from ice, he said flatly.
Kilen began to push Joahna into the form and noticed it was turning to ice.
He did not know if that would affect the elemental or not so he started to heat the water rotating in the chest like a heart pumping warm blood to the extremities.
Kilen formed the image in his mind to that of his mother so that Joahna would have something to form it out of.
Stop it, I know what you are doing.
You promised that you would not make an elemental.
She pleaded as she tried to freeze the form.
In her weakened state Kilen found that she was still a match at his full strength.
Kilen heated the water as quickly as he could while he spoke, I promised that I would not form one unless someone was here to teach me.
You are here and you can instruct.
I am forming the elemental, and it would be easier if you would stop fighting me.
Reluctantly she lets go and Joahna snapped into the form.
He stood very still, waiting for Twilix to respond.
That was devious.
I feel betrayed Kilen.
I think that I have given you a false sense of confidence with my training.
You are still under my watch and care.
It will take a very long time to regain my trust, if ever.
Her words cut him like a knife.
He now saw her side of the events.
In her eyes he could have killed himself or both of them in the creation of an elemental.
He felt guilty and instantly regretful of his actions.
He wanted to tell her about Joahna and Max but was afraid of what would become of him and Kara.
He lay silently not saying a word with his eyes closed.
Then he realized that Joahna had pushed on his emotions, now that he was gone from Kilen mind, the confidence he had to go against Twilix wishes were all gone.
Joahna had influenced his mind to get what he wanted.
Kilen grew angry, but could do nothing without giving away the presence of others in his mind.
Joahna started slowly forming a large block of ice, then carved arms and legs under ice clothing, fingers, hair, and eyes with shades of frosted ice for the shading.
When he was finished Joahna stood there not moving as a tear leaked out of Kilen face.
He had been betrayed by Joahna and Twilix thought it was him.
Joahna let go of his form leaving it to look like Kilen.
As soon as Joahna had returned to his mind, Kilen stood to face Twilix.
He said nothing, he just stood there waiting to be chastised for his betrayal.
Do not think that because you are so skilled in even this skill that it will impress me enough to let go of your actions here.
Tomorrow you will be facing Mary again for your training.
I will have nothing left to protect you from her if you should lose.
I will probably be too busy to even be present during the fight.
Do not die Kilen Everheart.
It was a command from an instructor, not a request.
She turned and walked away a little more energized than she had come.
He sat on Twilix bench for a while looking at the image of himself and of his mother standing facing each other.
He had left his mother behind, put his sister in a dungeon under the castle, and now betrayed his instructor.
Kilen did not like the man he had become.
Slowly he came back to his own mind, hearing Joahna and Max already screaming at each other about Joahna actions.
Silence, I do not want to hear a word out of either one of you for the rest of the day.
You betrayed me Joahna by altering my emotions, and Max you are no better for not letting me know what he was doing.
Think on that while I can pretend to have my thoughts to myself for one day.
He felt a little like what he would think Master Crescent felt like when chastising Bowie and himself for pranks they pulled on innocent people.
He left the garden, leaving the two statues to melt in the noon sun.
In his self loathing he could not figure out how he had managed to find his way through the castle to the kitchen, but he did not second guess himself.
He was there now.
He walked through a sweltering kitchen to the back door and found Leroy cooking some meat over a low fire with a lot of smoke in the new cooker.
Master Harvel was ordering servants to organize piles of stones all over the surrounding area.
He noticed Kilen and rushed right over.
My lord, can you spare some time to build some cookers for my staff.
I had not planned on it right at this moment but I guess I could spare enough time to build one.
The scrawny man motioned to where he had gathered piles of rocks in different locations.
Small spots had been dug into the ground where he wanted the fire to be and the ovens to be built over them.
He clapped his hands and shouted while waving his ladle.
Soon fifteen scullery workers had been summoned to help in the building process.
Tell them what you want them to do to help, my lord.
I will be near if there is anything I can do to help.
Kilen smiled, knowing that none of these men cared to have the extra work to do besides their normal load of cooking for the army and castles occupants.
Actually, could you have your men fill those holes with the rocks that you have for the ovens.
The men took off to complete the task two to a hole, lifting the heavy rocks and arranging them inside the holes.
Could you help me with this one Master Harvel.
Kilen walked towards the only hole not being filled as Master Harvel looked to find another man to help.
They were all busy doing the labor for the other holes.
Reluctantly, he followed Kilen and both bent to pick up the first stone.
The scrawny man could not lift it.
Kilen smiled and looked around at all the scullions looking at them, waiting for Master Harvel to do his share of the work.
He looked up at Kilen, pleading for him to have someone else do the labor.
Kilen still bent over the rock waited for Master Harvel to try again.
This time the man put the full force of his back into it and Kilen saw the effort.
He used the magic in his rings to lift the whole weight of the stone, giving the illusion that Master Harvel was lifting also.
The scrawny man looked back and forth between the stone and Kilen as though to say, thank you.
The men went back to working the stones.
Kilen and Master Harvel said nothing while they worked to fill the hole and pile the rocks above the ground level.
When they were done they noticed that all the holes were filled and a substantial amount of rock lay off to the side.
Kilen cleared everyone away as Leroy approached.
Kilen turned around and saw once again Chit and Brandon sitting in the soldiers tents for a meal all alone.
Chit had bruises and small cuts on his body and looked as though he had been beaten severely.
Brandon and Kilen met eye to eye as he looked around.
He knew Brandon was going to watch him use his magic to build another furnace and say nothing about it.
He decided that if Brent would not allow others to train him that he would have to do it himself.
It was time to form an earth elemental.
After all, he would not be breaking his promise to Twilix, Brandon was there to oversee his training if something went wrong.
Kilen looked back and met eyes with Brandon one more time before starting to form a person form out of the extra rock pile.
When the form was nearly complete he said to no one in particular, Max.
With that he felt Max prepare himself inside of Kilen mind.
He pushed and heard the familiar concussion as Max left his mind to enter the elemental.
Max stretched as if waking from a long sleep and tested his rock muscles on a stone at his feet, crushing it and then absorbing the pieces like clams digging into the sand on a beach.
Kilen observed him, using the water vision as Max moved towards the first pile of rocks.
Standing very still he watched as Max formed the first oven.
The speed at which he manipulated the earth dwarfed Kilen own skill.
The minerals flowed like water through the stones, forming solid pieces and like clay moved to form a perfectly shaped oven.
Kilen opened his eyes and turned to see Brandon standing at the table, mouth partly open.
Kilen started to move towards Brandon as Chit stood to see what was going on.
Kilen saw in his water vision two more piles of rocks start to take the form of ovens, then three.
As each one finished another would start up.
Kilen stood still until Max was complete with forming every pile of rock into an oven.
Everyone in the area was now watching silently as what seemed to be Kilen elemental came and stood beside him.
The rock pile took on Kilen appearance in every detail and then stood perfectly still.
Kilen felt the concussion of Max re entering his mind which was followed promptly by his speaking, That ought to advance your classes a bit.
Brandon left the table.
Chit was surprised and raised to follow.
The two very quickly disappeared into the castle through the nearest kitchen door.
Kilen looked at his statue as Master Harvel was saying something to him.
Kilen ignored it as he left for the second time today, his likeness standing for all to see.
The day was moving too quickly for Kilen liking.
He had alienated the one wizard that wanted to spend time with him.
He had let Max show more skill than he possessed at manipulating earth magic, and he humiliated Master Harvel by making him do manual labor.
He needed somewhere quiet to relax, somewhere he could sit and think quietly to himself.
He usually did his best thinking when he was at the schoolhouse, so that is where he thought he would go.
Sitting in on a boring lecture would be good for his mind, or so he thought.
Nearly the whole building was empty, except for a couple classrooms.
He was happy to find a large classroom with no one inside.
Kilen walked in a found and chair near the back corner so that he could see though the film covered window.
He did not want to speak to Joahna, but he knew that he would be listening to everything he said.
Max, if Brandon does not teach me I think it would be best if you did.
You seem to know a great deal about how to use earth magic.
Earth magic is the only other type of magic that the Fire Realm possesses in bounty.
I had four pieces before I was chosen to receive a piece of fire armor.
I am well versed in how to use earth magic.
I can try and teach you if that is what you want.
Kilen did not answer.
He thought that his answer was already voiced and he did not feel like talking to anyone today.
Soon a man in a fine tunic walked into the room and set some maps on the table at the front.
He sat down in a chair towards the front of the room and finally noticed Kilen sitting in the back.
Excuse me, I did not notice anyone was here or I would have started earlier, the man said.
He smiled as he moved closer to Kilen, Most people tend to take the more exciting exams during the first weeks of their training.
You know sword fighting, jousting, archery, and if they are able magic classes.
I do not usually get anyone in this class so soon.
I am sorry I just needed a quiet place to think, sir.
Kilen rose to leave the man in peace, I should have just joined one of the other classes.
It is not that my class is boring, but most do not need it unless they plan on being a scout or commander.
Kilen curiosity peaked and for the first time since the incident he was not thinking about Twilix.
Sir, what class is this.
The man moved back to the large desk at the front of the room and unrolled the scrolls to reveal maps.
Map reading and navigation, my boy.
I can teach you now if you want.
Kilen thought for a moment, it would be nice to get his mind off of what had transpired, and he would need the class anyway.
He nodded to the man, who seemed to beam at the chance to teach the class.
My name is Lieutenant McClanahan.
You can call me Bill or lieutenant while we are in this class.
Have you any skill in map reading.
I have received some instruction in it in my schooling, lieutenant.
Bill patted Kilen on the back as he unrolled a very large map on the desk top.
What can you tell me from this map then.
Kilen looked the map over with much scrutiny as he tried to find as much detail as he could.
The map was of a town and surrounding area.
There was a river and trees drawn with measurements of depth and width.
Points of interest such as inns, marketplaces, mayors home, were all detailed on the town.
Kilen knew that it must have been a map of a small town to be giving such detail of the city.
It was much like Humbridge in set up.
The town road was set up to run to and from a nearby river.
Supply routes from other towns went through the main streets and farmland surrounded the outskirts of the town.
It is a small town, and very detailed.
Here is the market, mayor house, and the river.
This here is the main route through the city.
Kilen did not know what the Lieutenant wanted for him to describe about the map.
Good, very good.
Some new recruits tell me that it is the inside of a city and not the whole city.
All this is just basic map reading.
Now let is look at some that are more advanced.
Bill rolled out the same map, only this one had a lot of circles, numbers, symbols, and scales.
I will ask you to answer a few questions about this map.
Just answer as best you know how.
Kilen nodded and waited for him to start asking questions.
Are there any hills on this map.
If there are can you point them out to me.
Kilen searched the map and found the symbol for hills and pointed it out.
How about the best place to have horses cross the river.
Kilen found the smallest width on the map but the drawings were not to scale as the measurements were different at different locations.
Just because it looked like the widest and shallowest place on the map did not mean it was the shallowest.
He traced his finger across the map and found the shallow place in the river, and pointed it out.
The lieutenant smiled, Where would be the best place to find a thief.
The question took Kilen by surprise and he thought for a moment where a thief would make the most out of a small town.
That would be the marketplace here, sir, he said pointing at the place in the map.
Without letting Kilen know whether he was right or wrong he continued on the line of questioning.
If we were attacking the town what would be the best way to come at it.
Kilen studied the map.
He was not sure what this question or the last had to do with map reading.
If I was in charge of the approaching army I would approach from the east, Kilen said, trying to sound confident.
Why would you do that.
The lieutenant is question caused Kilen mind to race.
He was looking for a good reason to attack from that direction that he could put to words.
The town is small and it could not contain a very large force.
They might be intimidated by seeing a large army approaching.
The open fields would allow the town to see the larger numbers of the attacking army.
It might intimidate them into giving up.
That sounds like it could work in your favor.
Fear is sometimes a good emotion to exploit.
Let is change it around for a moment.
If you were the leader of the township here how would you defend against this larger attacking force.
Bill stood with his arms crossed and a smirk on his face, as Kilen started to see the game Bill was playing.
He was trying to play his own mind against himself to get Kilen to back into a corner where he would lose a battle, but he still did not know what this had to do with reading maps.
Kilen answered the best way he knew how, I would not defend.
I would leave the town.
Where would you go.
Kilen found the hill on the far side of the town.
The river crossed fairly close and there was heavily wooded area on the other side.
Here, I would make a camp at the top of this hill to defend myself.
Why.
The lieutenant is questions were starting to frustrate Kilen.
He wanted to give a stupid answer to be at the end of it.
He felt Max become more and more anxious in his mind.
He obviously would have answered the questions differently.
I can hunt in this forest for food, find fish and water on the other side.
If the attacking army tried to cut us off from supplies I would be able to shoot them with arrows from higher on the hill.
The hill would provide a hindrance in any attacking cavalry, or archers range on the attack.
The trees here would provide for defenses and arrows.
If the town did not win the battle they would not go down without a fight.
Bill clapped him on the back, Good good.
Let is switch it again shall we.
Let is say you are supposed to attack the town people that have started to defend from this hilltop using the strategies you named.
The tables were turned again and now Kilen was attacking the town.
He knew that eventually he would be put in a losing situation.
I am not allowed to withdrawal from the battle.
Bill looked disappointed when Kilen asked this question, but he shook his head and answered anyway.
If you do, you would be named a traitor, and your family and house would be stripped of land and title while you were hung in public.
You have no choice, but to bring this township of rebellious traitors to justice.
Kilen supposed that he was trying to give him a reason to want to lose lives in his mission.
He took a deep breath and answered.
I would come through the wooded area here to press up close to the hill with archers and infantry.
It would give them the most cover from arrows, and allow them to close the distance for their weapons to return volleys.
Once I had the archers in range I would run the cavalry in from the town to give them the most unobstructed approach while the camp at the top was under attack from arrows.
The cavalry would push into the middle of the camp while the foot infantry pushed up the hill and attack from outside in.
Kilen hoped he had covered everything and still stared at the map hoping a better solution would reveal itself.
While still watching the map Bill reached up to scratch his chin.
Have you studied battle strategy before, Kilen.
I have read a couple books while in school, Water Realm Battle History by Glen Roddan and Perseverance by J.
Ropt.
Well it shows you study well, although I see a few flaws in your attack.
Unless you were attacking a strategist you would have done well.
So I am actually sad to say you have passed both of the classes I teach.
I shall mark your name down so I know I have passed you, what is it then.
He pulled out a book and charcoal stick.
Kilen Everheart, sir.
The man hand and fingers did not move at the revealing of his name, but stood stock still.
You are the weapon bearer that they have been talking about.
I do not know if they have been talking about me, but yes I am a weapon bearer, second generation.
Second generation or not, most weapon bearers usually rely on a strategist to prepare an attack plan that you just laid out.
I think the King is gaining an important ally with you.
A weapon bearer that knows the in and outs of battle is a great advantage.
He can maneuver troops or adjust attacks, and others will follow.
He took two tokens from a pouch on his belt and handed them to Kilen.
Here is your token.
You have passed my class.
I shall report your passing to Captain Lorusk if you can prove your identity.
He held up a hand before Kilen could object to having to prove his identity, Some weapon bearers will pay for others to take tests like these in their place.
I have seen it time and time again.
Now then can you prove yourself.
Kilen pulled back the cloak to reveal his blade and slid is slightly out of the sheath to reveal its elemental marks.
Bill frowned, Where is your chainger.
What is a chainger.
Kilen asked, confused by the question.
A chainger is a link between a weapon bearer and their weapon, so they may use the magic from it even without holding it.
He revealed a dagger with one earth elemental mark on its blade to Kilen from the back of his belt.
You see my dagger is behind my back in its sheath, but I can still use earth magic because while in the sheath it is connected to me by a chainger.
He turned to show a tiny chain leading from inside his belt line to the sheaths opening.
A small metal sliver was connected to the chain and slid into the sheath where the blade would rest.
You see if I had a marked bracer, let is say it was padded with leather so that my skin was not in direct contact with it, I would not be able to use its magic.
But if the bracer is linked to my armguards or gauntlets that were touching my skin then I would be able to.
Kilen pulled up his chain necklace to reveal the two rings dangling from it.
Ahh see you have a chainger for your rings.
You need to get one for your blade.
I think the barracks keepers have a small supply if you need them.
The man finally wrote in his ledger Kilen name, It is disappointing that I will not be having you in class.
Some of these men think a battle is won or lost by the strength in their arms, and not the strength in their minds.
He said nothing more as he rolled up his maps and turned to leave the room.
They both knew that no more students would be coming today.
Finally feeling that the first thing had gone right for the day, Kilen left to find Ted and get a chainger for his sword.
Kilen made his way out of the training facility and started across the training fields.
He reached the sword arenas and found that his usual arena was empty except for the blood red ring along the inside of the rock ring.
He started to walk across the ring as it was the quickest way to his barracks.
A soldier waiting for his turn in a nearby ring ran over quickly, Hey, big feet.
You had best get out of there before someone sees you.
Confused by the statement, Kilen simply replied, Why.
There is a Kapal that lives on the grounds and that is his practice ring.
If he see you in it, you will be his next practice partner.
That is blood on the ground.
Apparently one of his victims would not stand up to fight him so he cut his clothes off of him and drug him around the circle for days.
Kilen did not know what to say or even if he should set the story straight.
He decided to let the story stand.
If they wanted to believe it and it would keep them away from Gortus arena it was probably better.
Thank you very much for the information.
He quickly backed out the way he had come and made his way around the arena perimeter.
The change in direction made him look up in a different direction.
There were troops lined along the castle walls on horses and hitching carts, wagons, and filling saddle bags.
He wondered if he was always this oblivious when he was concentrating on one thing.
He made a mental note to look around more and be more observant of his surroundings.
Kilen noticed smoke coming from each and every one of the cookers Max had built and Leroy was moving among them quickly.
He decided not to bother him and to continue on to the barracks.
When he arrived, Ted was in a frenzy helping wielders to load their horses and fetching things for their travel.
Ted, when you get a moment I need your help in finding a chainger.
Ted looked up only a moment before continuing his work tightening straps on horse saddles.
My lord, I am too busy to help anytime soon.
If you wish there are some that might fit you on the shelves in my office.
Take what you need.
They are for your use anyways.
He moved on, quickly gathering more supplies and shouting to servants.
Kilen quickly followed after, talking to Ted as he continued his work.
What is going on Ted.
Where is everyone going.
Ted laughed before he spoke still working to pack saddle bags and feed bags full of supplies.
They are going back to their stations.
Now that the wizards have all returned they have cities and townships to guard.
Kilen looked around and finally saw that almost every soldier was readying horses and checking their weapons.
The presence in the castle was the largest force anyone would probably ever see assembled.
Kilen counted the ranks and columns of men standing in the wizard training fields as they assembled.
He counted over one hundred and fifty thousand men and still growing as they completed their formations.
He knew that somewhere in that mass of men would be four guards sent to set order in Humbridge.
They would see his friends and guard their street.
He wished he knew which ones so that he could send them with a letter, apologizing to his mother.
Kilen was wasting time before his training with Jace, so he went inside and found the shelf with all the chaingers on it.
He sifted through them to find one that would slip into his sword sheath.
There were some with loops and some with small clasps.
He had no idea what kind of weapon or armor they would be used for so he pushed them to the side.
Finally he found one that fit perfectly into his sword sheath with a smooth thin metal plate that would slide down inside his trousers against his hip.
He attached it and let go of the hilt.
He still felt the power of the sword still coursing through him.
He smiled as he left the barracks to make sure and get to Leroy and his food before it was all gone.
He felt much different being able to use both hands while walking around the training grounds.
No one paid him much attention as he walked around.
To them he was another recruit wandering around a vast training grounds.
He caught Leroy eye as he approached his cooker.
Right on time.
I have some wild hog for you.
They are found easily in the lands of the Kapal and its one of their most used dishes.
Of course here wild hogs are harder to come by, but Gortus was able to point me to the right butcher in town.
Leroy beamed with pride at the plates he had been able to prepare.
There seemed to be a rather large hog on a spit inside the oven spinning and roasting as Leroy cut slices from the shoulders, legs, and rump.
He pulled a pot stewing in the back and produced potatoes and carrots from the boiling.
The pig smelled so good Kilen did not waste any time sitting down beside the oven.
He watched Leory make several more plates for different nobles in the castle.
Seeing that Leroy was too busy helping with the troops leaving and the nobles Kapal dishes, Kilen left him to work in peace.
He would have to tell him how good the hog was when he got back to the room tonight.
He wondered if Jace would be back where he was yesterday during his test.
He made his way to the guard house near the front gates of the castle and found Jace right where he thought he would.
He was sitting on a barrel with his hood pulled up around his face, whittling on a small piece of wood.
Kilen walked up and stopped a couple paces in front of him, I am ready whenever you are.
He stopped whittling and looked up, just as Kilen felt someone approach from behind using the water vision.
The man in the cloak sitting on the barrel looked up with a wrinkled sun blotched face, smiling a gap toothed smile.
Quickly, Kilen turned to face the man approaching, knowing that he had failed this test already.
Jace stood smiling at him as he turned with his open hands raised in front of him.
Suddenly Kilen felt something poking him in the ribs from behind.
It was the small wooden piece that then old man was whittling, a small wooden dagger.
Jace spoke softly as the pressure remained in his rib, Death can be waiting at every corner.
Never assume you know who you speak with until you see their face.
Any man, woman, or child can kill you, even despite your skill and power with magic.
Never assume that your best friend, trainer, or even lover has not been bought by your worst enemy.
He took a step closer to Kilen and stared deep in his eyes, If I had been, you would be bleeding out where you stand.
The old man released the pressure in his ribs and went back to wildling his wooden dagger.
A shiver ran down Kilen spine, Come on then, we have more lessons to learn today.
Kilen followed Jace out the main gate and tried to slouch and walk just like Jace did.
They both covered their heads with their hoods, but let their faces be seen.
Kilen assumed it was so they would not draw suspicions of having their faces hidden.
Having their hoods up made them less recognizable from anyone that really wanted to look.
Jace once again made multiple turns weaving in and out of alleys and back yards, passing busy streets only when necessary.
Finally, in a dark alley he stopped and faced Kilen, Up we go.
Jace leaped up to the rooftop and landed without a sound.
He disappeared beyond the ledge.
Kilen attempted the same but over shot the ledge my several feet, making a large amount of noise as he landed.
His weight knocked a couple clay tiles loose from the roof.
They made even more noise as they crashed onto the ground below.
Kilen tried to recover and slunk along the roof to join Jace squatting just to one side of the peak, so that only his head showed above.
He whispered to Kilen, You must practice that.
You not only alerted anyone inside this building to our presence, but you also gave someone a trail to follow with the tiles on the ground below.
Kilen nodded to Jace that he understood.
What are we doing up here.
Well, I was about to tell you.
Now be quiet and listen.
Kilen nodded again at his command.
This is one of the most important lessons I can give you.
I learn and teach by performing tasks and tests as you should know by now.
So here is your task Keep your eyes open.
Down on the other side of this building is the marketplace.
I want you to get to a place on this roof that you can see everything but remain hidden.
Watch the market and tell me anything that you see.
You need to be observant of all that happens.
This is not only a test of memory, but your observation skills.
Kilen nodded that he understood his test and looked around the rooftop to find a good vantage point.
The building that he was on joined another that had a roof top that was slightly lower.
Kilen backed away from the peak and slunk along the roof until he dropped down onto the lower roof top.
Crawling on his belly, he went over the peak and slid down the other side until his head reached the edge of the roof.
Slowly, while on his belly, sliding down the roof with his feet above his head, he poked his head out and had a great view of the marketplace below.
For a long time nothing happened.
Vendors shouted their prices to draw attention to their booths.
A woman played a small flute with a mug laid out for donations.
People passed through looking at wares, buying breads and food.
Some stopped to listen to the girl playing the flute, one man tossed a copper from his purse into her mug and continued on his way.
At the edge of the marketplace a boy ran into the man who made a donation and fell down at his feet.
The man snatched up the boy, and started to yell at him for dirtying his robe.
The boy offered a tiny excuse, Sorry I am trying to get to my sister.
The boy pointed at the girl playing the flute, and the man let him go with a command to be more careful.
When the small boy in ragged clothes got to the girl he tossed a few coins into the mug and ran off through the streets without saying a word.
The streets once again became quiet as Kilen paid closer attention to one merchant measuring out beans on a scale.
A man paid for a pound of beans and then the merchant took the plate of measured beans off the scale and poured them into a bag.
While talking to the customer he poured out a quarter of the bag behind the counter and quickly tied it off.
The action was so swift Kilen had to watch it done twice more before he could believe he had seen it.
The closer he watched the more thieves he found.
A jewelry merchant traded his items for something of greater, value boasting of a cheap item history of kings or of the brights themselves.
When the trade was made he would sell or trade the newly received item with much the same grand history of value.
No one in Humbridge would have conducted their business like any of these street thieves.
He wondered if he had been ripped off when he bought his things in Basham.
He pushed it from his mind when he saw a young boy bump into a man at the market corner then point to the girl playing the flute.
The man waved him off and the boy went to drop money in the donation mug.
He then quickly ran out of the market.
Kilen felt Jace slip down the slope of the roof to join Kilen at the edge, Have you seen anything yet.
Every one of these merchants are thieves in one way or another, he whispered back.
Jace pulled out an apple and started munching on his fruit spitting a little while he talked, Is not every merchant a thief in one way or another.
Anything else you saw.
There is something odd going on with the flute player.
Her brothers keep running into people, then putting money in her cup.
Jace laughed at Kilen innocence.
Boy, those kids are thieves.
They are taking their prize to the girl playing the flute.
You see she is some sort of collector for the thieves of this town.
Keep watching, it is really quite clever.
Jace kept his head below the higher roof top, leaning on the clay tiles.
He continued to munch on his apple while Kilen watched below.
Soon yet another boy ran into a man that had made a donation, and then pointed at the girl with the flute.
The boy ran over and dropped several coins into the girls mug and then ran away.
This time something else happened, the man felt the lighter weight of his purse.
He marched over to the girl playing the flute while shouting to guards.
This girl brother just picked my pocket and put my coins in her mug, he pointed his finger and shouted the accusations at the girl.
Kilen was sure he would see justice done, but the girl coolly stood and pleaded with the guards.
I do not know what he is talking about.
I have been earning quite a lot of donations today for my music, besides I do not even have a brother.
The reason why I work playing the flute is because my parents died long ago and I have had to make a living with this.
She held out the flute to the guards as a single tear made a path through the dirt on her cheek.
The man started to rant to the guards, She has my money.
I demand that you take her as a thief and return my money to me at once.
The girls face turned red and she returned his rant, A thief for what, what did I steal.
A boy happened to make a donation because you cannot hold onto your purse.
Perhaps if you were a little more giving you would not jingle so loudly you attract every thief in Deuterium.
If I am guilty of something you had better voice it now.
I did not touch you or your purse.
The only money that is in my mug now was given freely.
If you spent too much at the brothel that is a problem you will have to take up with your wife, not me and the guards.
Do not try and take my earnings because you over indulged.
The man was now shaking fists at his side as he dove for the mug at the girl feet.
The guards caught him and dragged him to a merchant stall, slamming him into its post.
Fruit spilled down off of the rack into the street as the merchant scrambled to pick them up.
The girl simply watched as the man in fine clothing received a bit rough treatment from the guards.
She smiled as the merchant, picking up his fruit, began retrieving those around the rich man feet.
Finally she turned away as the merchant cut the purse from the man belt even as the guards were berating him.
The marketplace settled as the girl started playing her flute once again.
The man stomped towards the exit and then felt the weight of his purse missing.
He patted down his sides and searched the ground at his feet.
Knowing the money and purse was gone he continued to stomp down the street, cursing those that got too near him.
Jace laughed from behind Kilen on the roof, Quite ingenious really.
There is no reason to hold the girl, and the victim usually follows the money straight to her.
The little thieves get away while she keeps the money for later.
The only downside is that it takes a lot of trust from the thieves to let her hold the money.
Kilen nodded his understanding and started to pull away from the edge of the roof.
No wait, keep watching.
That is only a small bit of why you are here.
You must see it with your own eyes if you are to believe it.
Kilen laid back down at the edge and continued to watch.
The sun was beginning to set and the visibility faded.
Soon the pubs and taverns in the area started to raise in noise as men finished their workday and retired for a dance and a drink.
The girl stayed and played the flute, watching all the merchants as they left.
A woman came into view and walked over to the girl.
She pulled back her hood to reveal a familiar face.
Izabel handed the girl a small pouch, which the girl emptied the donation mug full of stolen coins into.
She thanked the girl and left without returning any favor, a simple head nod was all that was exchanged.
There that is what I wanted you to see.
Come along, let is follow.
Kilen crawled away from the ledge and followed Jace down the rooftop like a quiet wind through the grass.
Softly they dropped to the street below and moved swiftly along its shadowed passageway.
Jace, winding his way through the alley, stopped at the mouth and crossed the street after he peeked out to check if the coast was clear.
Twice Kilen noticed Izabel enter the street just after they entered the alley on the other side.
They would hide themselves and then on Jace signal would back track to observe her in the street.
They continued to follow and watch her as she moved throughout the city.
Three times she stopped to collect money from various people.
Finally, she arrived at her herbalists shop.
Jace spoke softly into the night to where Kilen could barely hear him.
I wanted you to see this for a couple of reasons.
I followed you here on a couple occasions.
If I have seen you here I am sure there are others that have.
If anyone else knows that she is involved with the thieves, you could be seen as a member of this thieving ring also.
Remember my first rule was that anyone could be an enemy.
If the King heard about you being involved with a thief boss, he could have you hanged.
Kilen let the whisper of words turn over in his head.
He was on a razors edge with the agreement made with the king.
If the king found out about his interaction with a thief boss it would give the king all the evidence he needed to put Kilen in the traitor bowls and keep his father sword.
I understand now.
I have to ask your advice on what to do about Izabel.
I have made an agreement with her that I still have yet to honor fully.
I will confront Izabel and give her warning to leave the city and see if I can recover some of the money for the poorer masses.
You will not go near her store again.
Your agreement with her is void.
She had indirectly put your life at risk.
Kilen stood in silence, staring at the herbalist is shop, regretting the day he met Izabel, not because of the interaction with her but because of what it had brought upon him.
He had never liked lying.
Even though all he had to do was tell no one he still felt as though he was lying.
You walk a curious line with the king.
Until the day you are pinned a full weapon bearer you must see everyone as an enemy.
Maybe even me.
Kilen turned to see Jace in the shadowed light from the moon in the sky.
Are you my enemy Jace.
Jace let out a small chuckle before answering.
If I was your enemy would I tell you.
Kilen thought it over for a moment then another thought struck his mind.
Anytime Jace could tell the King about his involvement with Izabel or even that he had intended to hide it from others.
He needed to insure that his intentions were well known.
What if I turn Izabel in for the thieving.
I am not sure that you would have the evidence to turn her in.
The king might try and turn it against you, trying to accuse one of the best tax paying shops in Deuterium.
Besides could you turn her in.
Kilen lowered his head, I would feel like a traitor.
I do not suppose I would be able to.
Jace pulled his cloak deep over his face and led the way down the alley.
We will separate now.
Go straight back to your barracks and do not meet with Izabel again.
I will take care of any problems that arise.
When he finished, he leapt up onto a roof top and landed as softly as ever.
Kilen was alone in the city of Deuterium.
He pulled his hood up around his face and started to blindly walk towards the towers of the castle that towered over the rooftops of the city.
He walked to his barracks, paying little attention to what surrounded him.
As he did, he nearly bumped into Brent who was standing outside his barracks doorstep.
He once again chastised himself for being stuck in his own thoughts and not paying attention to those around him.
Immediately he started using his water vision, which he had not realized he had let fade from his mind.
Well, even if you are too tired to recognize me I have something that you have to see.
Curious, Kilen followed with a quick step as Brent lead him into the castle.
His mind started to wonder what Brent could want to show him.
After all, this is only the second time he had paid Kilen a visit since he arrived at Deuterium.
Brent led Kilen into the castle and tiptoed through its hallways.
He felt how tense Brent was and he tried to make no noise while following him.
Kilen had never been to the side of the castle that he was going to now and was lost very quickly with the twists and turns they were using.
It made it worse when Brent would back track because of a servant in the hallway.
He started to wonder if he should trust Brent.
Perhaps he could be taking him somewhere he was not supposed to be.
Somewhere he might ensue the wrath of the king.
But before he could think of how to talk to Brent, they had arrived.
A large oak double door with the elemental symbol of the earth carved precisely in it lay before him.
Brent held a single finger to his lips, telling Kilen to be silent.
On the other side of the door a sword could be heard crashing against shield and sword.
Kilen crouched low to the ground and snuck in behind Brent.
They were on the upper terrace of a large room, where plants and trees grew in on the floor below.
Kilen leaned up against the terrace half wall, hiding behind it so that the people playing with swords would not see him.
He had a great view of the ceiling above, or more importantly there was no ceiling.
The night sky shined down on this garden inside the castle walls, and torches lined the second level where Kilen remained.
Brent leaned against one of the pillars and motioned Kilen closer.
He pulled Kilen close and very lightly whispered in his ear, Look below.
The torch behind this pillar will not allow them to see you, but be discreet none the less.
Holding Kilen by the shoulders at arm length, Brent looked into Kilen eyes as if to say, look over and know the significance of what you see.
He nodded his head and slipped along the wall to take Brent is spot.
Slowly he stood, making sure that his clothing did not rub or snag on the pillar surface.
He peeked one eye around the pillar and had smoke from the torch attacked his face.
He retreated behind the pillar and rubbed his eyes.
Needing water, he gathered some from the air and cleansed his eyes from the smoke.
He once again learned a trick of magic that no one had taught him.
Continuously putting water in his eyes, he leaned around the pillar and looked into the courtyard below.
Immediately he recognized Chit holding the sword that Kilen had purchased him.
He was swinging wildly at the man he recognized from Bowie range.
It was Captain Lorusk, the commander of the troops here at training.
Chit received a slash on his arm and another to his midsection and the captain took a step back.
From under the terrace, a figure in a bright blue robe emerged and approached Chit.
Placing a tiny hand on his arm, Chits wounds healed.
Then the figure retracted slowly.
Chit stretched his arms, Your starting to slack girl.
You were much quicker this morning.
I might have to tell the King that you are not putting forth a very decent effort and need to be turned loose.
The girl tilted her head slightly and turned to return to the terrace.
Kilen recognized the face, but it was not the face that he had first seen.
Twilix was worn down, tired, and exhausted.
She had black rings forming under her eyes, her shoulders slumped, and her walk was slow and weak.
The two started exchanging sword strokes again and this time it earned Chit a cut on his thigh, chest, and face.
Twilix returned once again to heal the damage made by Captain Lorusk, and while doing so a door opened at the far end of the courtyard to admit Brandon, looking as energized as ever.
He approached Lorusk and rejuvenated his energy, then he did the same for Chit.
He made his way to Twilix and healed her energy as well, which took considerably longer than the others.
Brandon made his way to the door, Sun rise tomorrow.
Chit, do not be late this time.
Kilen is way too advanced for you to take on with magic.
Perhaps if you keep practicing through the night you will be able to best him in the sword though.
He laughed as the door closed behind him.
Kilen saw the look on Chit is face.
He knew it meant he was in a deep rage.
His nostrils began to flare as his face turned red.
He gripped his sword so hard that his knuckles turned white.
Chit came into battle making wild swings and taking more cuts as Lorusk eloquently handled his sword, carefully batting away the onslaught of attacks.
Chit was getting frustrated and began swinging more wildly, leaving himself exposed.
Lorusk caught his hand and held his sword to Chit is throat.
Keep your mind, the only reason I did not stab you was so that Twilix will be able to keep up the healing throughout the night.
Focus or you will only do more harm to your skill than better it.
Chit looked as though he wanted to strangle Lorusk, but knew that he could not.
He took a step back and rolled his shoulders.
Twilix went to him and healed him once more and returned to her spot.
Seeing something out of the corner of her eye she looked in Kilen direction.
He ducked behind the pillar hoping she had not seen him and sent someone to investigate.
Below, Captain Lorusk shouted, Again assume the position and fight with your mind not your arm.
The swords began clashing again and Kilen slumped to the ground, still gathering water to his eyes so that he could see through the smoke.
He looked as if he had been crying for hours.
He felt the water drops running down his face and stopped the effort.
Brent ushered him back to the door they had come in and began weaving his way back to the barracks.
They walked in silence, but that did not mean there was silence inside his head.
He was wondering who his enemies were, but he did not think that Twilix could ever be one of those.
He was growing angry at the thought they had purposefully assigned Twilix to see to him because she looked to be the same age as his sister.
This time he felt as if Twilix had betrayed him.
When they reached the training grounds Brent finally started to speak.
Kilen, the King is planning something.
I do not know what.
He trains Chit in the old style, using a wizard to heal him so that he learns through his errors.
I believe that the King will put Chit against you, to kill or to humiliate I cannot say.
The one thing I do know is that the Captain and Chit train throughout the night, all day, and every day only stopping to eat.
My brother trains him in earth magic.
Where Chit has acquired earth armor I cannot imagine.
There are plots about boy.
You had best redouble your efforts.
How.
Brandon has not taught me anything, not one thing.
He just asked me to grow a plant and left.
Twilix, well you can see she trains Chit harder than she does me.
She will not let me summon an elemental anymore, and I messed up by trying to heal her exhaustion.
When I summon an elemental against her wishes, she chastised me and accused me of betraying her.
I do not think that she will put any real effort into my training now.
Kilen felt a bit like a child whining to a parent about older siblings.
Boy, I told you to stay on Twilix good side.
If you have betrayed her, then there is nothing I can do about that.
I will try and help you learn water magic.
You learn quickly so it should not take many sessions.
You must understand that there are only so many things that I can do without looking to take a special interest in you.
That is why I had Twilix teach you in the first place.
The farther I stay from you, the less of a threat to the king you seem.
Train hard, Kilen.
Give the king no reason to keep from calling you a weapon bearer or a scout.
Brent sighed, Nothing to do about it now.
Learn fast and hard, please.
How many classes have you attended.
I have passed three classes so far.
I had not intended on even going to two of them, but was in the room when class began.
Really, which classes have you passed already.
Archery with Bowie, and Lieutenant Mcclanahan passed me in map reading and battle strategy.
Well done then.
Keep up the good work.
Remember the more you do now, the farther ahead of the plots the King has made for you.
Now go and get some sleep.
I will be there at your training with Mary tomorrow.
Kilen, take this as a small bit of warning, she has never been beaten twice in a row, except for by Twilix.
Brandon climbed high into the towers of the Castle after rejuvenating the king warrior, and trainers.
This was the first time that this kind of training had been conducted in a long time.
Usually the warrior was chosen for their skills in fighting, rather than the emotional response they would provoke in the enemy.
Whether or not this small town, second generation, wielder was an enemy was a decision totally up to the king.
To Brandon he was just another small town country kid that happened to be skilled in magic.
To the king the boy represented an uprising of the water realm, a danger in losing half his realm, and even more importantly, two thirds his taxes.
Brandon knew that the king was wasting time plotting on the boy, especially since scouts reported the fire realm on the march towards the earth realm border.
Climbing the spiral staircase had become exhausting.
His body was growing tired from restoring the others.
The king was using up all resources to train the unwilling brute.
The heat from the castle below did not help matters at all, everyone was irritable and uncomfortable.
Every day he had climbed these staircases to report on both boy progress.
Using his strength to rejuvenate the captain and the so called champion was tiring enough, but more so for Twilix.
She exhausted herself everyday with Chit , just for the chance to train Kilen herself.
Brandon paused on the staircase to regain his energy and catch his breath before entering the king chamber.
He knew the guards to the door were just around the pillar in the center of the staircase.
He did not want to show weakness so he always paused to compose himself at this same spot.
Each day it took just a little longer to get his breathing under control.
When he was finally composed he passed by the two weapon bearers and into the king presence.
The two torches on the wall were sufficient to light the small room well enough that the king could make out any details on the maps he had arranged on a small table.
There were four large windows with shutters thrown wide to admit the wind that the height allowed.
The king had shed more and more armor as the heat rose inside the castle walls.
He knew that solid stone could retain heat in its walls for days.
Brandon was still baffled by the ability of one fire wizard ability to heat to the capacity that all the nobles had abandoned their guest rooms.
The king stood in the window arch with his shirt open, letting the breeze cool him in the moonlight.
He had grown frail and skinny, a side effect of wearing earth armor and not using the full potential of your muscles.
Sit Brandon, I saw you coming from below.
Each day it takes you longer and longer to climb the tower.
He turned to face Brandon and smiled, I believe your father climbs these towers every day so that he can stay in shape, and usually mends these tower walls.
If you are to take his place, you should get used to climbing them.
Brandon seated himself in one of the four rickety wooden chairs in the room.
It creaked under his weight.
It is not that I am unfit, my lord.
Then what is it, councilman.
Do you grow bored of climbing stairs.
I remember when we climbed these towers as children, although I am not a child anymore.
Yet you make me look as though I was old enough to be your father.
The king sat down on a cushioned sturdy chair behind the desk.
It is not that I grow bored, my lord.
The consistent use of magic to restore your champion and his trainers strips me of my energy.
I spend large portions of my day in bed now, my lord.
Do you wish for me to stop the training.
I do as my lord wishes, always.
It is not my place to give advice to the king, I am here to council on matters of the realms, my lord.
The king chuckled, A diplomatic answer.
I believe that your father has trained you well to take his place.
Nonetheless, the training must continue.
Take more time from your day to sleep, the training must continue.
I will have someone else take your place in training Kilen.
It should be pretty easy to find one of the younger, less experienced wizards to train him.
Brandon nodded in response to him.
It is not that my lord.
I have only trained him once and when I did I used no energy whatsoever.
It is the effort of rejuvenating Twilix.
Atmos perked up at a slight accusation that Twilix was shirking her duties.
If she is not trying hard enough then she will not be able to continue training Kilen.
I will find another to do that.
It is not that my lord.
She heals him quite efficiently.
The King slumped back down in his chair and leaned the it back onto two legs.
Well, spit it out then.
What is it.
My lord the warrior training does not go well at all.
He is reckless, taking too much damage.
The Captain says that he could kill him with every stroke, but changes his blade at the last minute to only do minor damage.
Each time he is cut Twilix has to heal it and the act drains her.
There was a long silence as Brandon could see the King become more and more angry.
Your champion is very aggressive, and willing to take wounds to complete the fight.
Unfortunately, he swings wildly and accomplishes nothing.
All the strength I have given him and he thinks he is invincible.
How does his magic training fair.
It fairs the same my lord.
Actually, I fear that he is even less effective with magic than he is with the blade.
Although, what he lacks in skill in either, he makes up in passion for the chance, my lord.
Well at least that is something.
Atmos scratched his overgrown beard, Perhaps I will pay a visit to him and see if I can redirect his attention.
What of the other.
I do not understand it, my lord.
His power and skill with the elements grows by the day.
It is as if he has had years of training or he is receiving outside help.
I hear that his skills with the blade makes progress but it is very slow.
How good is he with magic.
The king set all legs of his chair on the floor and leaned forward to listen.
He can summon and control elementals of both water and earth.
This morning I saw him summon an earth elemental and then form fourteen ovens from stone blocks all at once.
The most amazing part is he did not look tired afterwards.
He has learned to use the element is own energy.
The two sat in silence, Brandon afraid to say more, and the king afraid to hear more.
My lord, he can walk in his body while using elemental forms, he said in a warning of a whisper.
Brandon, I want you to get Gortus here.
I have work for him.
Gortus was a Kapal, and Brandon knew their purpose in the eyes of a king.
They were wizard assassins.
My lord, Gortus is training Kilen.
If I am correct of what you desire of him, it might be a risk to let him know.
He might warn the boy instead of do the job.
They have a sort of loyalty to their students.
The king nodded, Giving advice is not your place yet, Councilmen Parker.
He paused to think a small bit longer, but just as Brandon started to stand to retrieve Gortus, he spoke again.
Perhaps your advice is wise though.
Find me another to rid me of this wielder discreetly.
Stab him in a bar, drop something on him on accident, let him get lost in the woods, or poison him.
It does not matter which.
The boy was born to walk the woods, he does not regular the bars, and has a personal cook that is very loyal.
His cook is from Keepers.
I am unsure that any of those will truly work my lord.
Ignore the rest of your duties, and focus on this task.
I will aid in training Chit.
You find someone to perform the task.
I will try my lord.
I cannot kill him publicly without gaining fear in my subjects.
No other second generation wielders will join my army again.
It has to be done discreetly.
You WILL find someone to complete the task.
Kilen woke at his normal early time.
He had become accustomed to this time after the last few days.
Without putting much thought into what he was doing he dressed and waited for Leroy to return with breakfast.
The morning was quiet with Max and Joahna not speaking as they were told.
Neither had been allowed to become an elemental during the night.
Kilen knew that he was being stubborn and left himself exposed to anything without them standing watch.
Tonight he would let them resume their night time training beneath the floorboards in the barracks.
With that on his mind, Leroy entered the room, set down a covered tray, and went about his normal busy work.
Kilen uncovered the tray to see hardboiled eggs and small strips of spiced hog.
He remembered how delicious it was the evening before and ate it quickly.
There are a whole lot of people taking bets on your contest today with Councilwoman Mary.
How shall I bet.
He looked up at Leroy who smiled back, I know.
I have heard it is bad luck to bet against a friend, so I thought I would ask if you can win again.
I will do my best, Kilen replied as he checked his chaingers.
Joahna spoke even though he was not supposed to, I can win.
Of course you will have to allow me to fight as an elemental, and to honor your agreement with Twilix.
Brent will have to be present.
Kilen turned red in the face still, angry at Joahna, and the mention of the agreement that Kilen nearly violated.
He grew madder still that Joahna suggested breaking it again.
Of course he was also breaking Kilen rule to keep silent.
To make matters worse, Kilen could not respond until he was away from Leroy or anyone else.
He then noticed that Leroy was watching him very closely, and cleared his throat.
He had no idea what to say so he started putting on his boots.
Sorry, I was thinking about something else, was all he could say.
Then he remembered Izabel and how he had told Leroy to visit her.
Leroy, I have to ask you a favor.
You know I am your man.
I will do whatever you ask of me, well at least if it does not harm the Water Realm.
Kilen nodded, I need you to stay away from Izabel and her herb shop.
I cannot tell you why right now, you will just have to trust me.
Well, ok but the meals will not improve your stamina without fresh herbs.
Can you give me a hint why it is I have to stay away.
Kilen shook his head as he finished lacing his boots.
I am sorry, I cannot tell you right now.
I will when the time is right.
Kilen rose and made for the door, I need you to do one more thing.
Use half of the gold in my wardrobe to place bets for me to win.
We will split the earnings down the middle.
Leroy smiled and nodded back, then scrambled into the wardrobe to start splitting the gold for the bets he was going to make.
In the hallway Kilen noticed that every door was wide open.
He walked towards the exit and looked in each room as he passed.
They were all vacant of any personal items.
Then he remembered that the army and weapon bearers had all returned to their stations scattered in the Earth and Water Realms.
In the front of the barracks he saw Ted door part way open and saw a lamp light from inside.
He rapped with his knuckle on the door and Ted popped his bald head out of the door.
Kilen sir, how may I help you this fine day.
I was just wondering if all the rest of the weapon bearers have gone.
Most have sir, but the ones that remain all live in the guard quarters near the front gate.
I see that you found a chainger, does it work well.
It works well enough.
So you are telling me that I am the only person left in this building.
Siryou are the only one left in any one of the wielder buildings on this side of the training grounds.
Of course there the wizards quarters a few buildings down, and those are filled now.
Kilen was not sure he liked being the only one in the building.
Ted, would it be ok if my servant Leroy used one of the rooms adjacent to mine.
Absolutely sir, that will be no problem at all.
Is there anything else I can do for you this morning.
No, that is all.
Wait, has anyone asked about me or stopped to see me.
No sir, well the other wielders asked who you were.
I told them you are a second generation here for training, but besides that no one else.
Kilen took another gold crown from his pocket and handed it to Ted.
Thanks for your help, Ted.
Have a good day, and if I were you I would bet that on the resident of this barracks.
Sir.
You are a longshot.
I meanno one has beaten her twice in a row except Wizard Twilix.
Kilen looked over his shoulder at Ted as he stood in the doorway, Who do you think is training me.
Ted smiled and flipped the crown into the air, catching it with a greedy gleam in his eye.
Once outside of earshot he looked around as he crossed the wizard training grounds.
When he felt it was safe he spoke to the men in his head.
Joahna, you had better not mess this up.
I am giving you one chance to prove yourself and only if Brent tells me I can summon an elemental.
Here are my conditions.
Do not show off.
You will not hurt Mary.
I will fight Mary and you will fight any elemental that she summons.
I must learn to fight these battles on my own.
Are we in agreement.
It will be as you say.
Kilen, I am sorry for what I did.
I only wanted her to see that you were ready toKilen cut him off as he spoke.
I do not want to hear your excuses.
I still have a desire to be angry with you.
You do not decide what the best path for me is.
I will decide what choices I make, without you influencing my emotions.
Joahna felt small in the back of his mind, so he said nothing else as he made his way to the sword arenas.
Max had stayed neutral in the matters but Kilen wondered how neutral he really was.
He laughed, and thought if they were even real.
Gortus was kneeling in the same spot he had every day.
They prayed and resumed the training.
Kilen stood in the center of the ring attempting to defend himself from the onslaught of attacks from Gortus.
Each unblocked strike met unhealed bruises, sending dull pains throughout Kilen limbs.
Kilen would block a couple of attacks here or there, but it was always met with another attack that Kilen had not anticipated.
The attacks seemed random at times, but just when he thought he saw a pattern, it would change and end up with him waking to cold water being ladled onto his face.
Recruits were gathering around other arenas to learn from spoken words given by their instructors.
All of which would look over their shoulders to watch Kilen get pummeled by the wooden sword Gortus swung.
A tall lanky boy a couple of years older than Kilen shouted to him after one such set of attacks.
I told you not to cross that arena.
Look where it got you.
Gortus turned on him, leaving Kilen in the ring of stones and blood stained dirt.
He went straight to the instructor in charge of the ring who bowed deeply to him as he entered the ring.
I wish to borrow one of your students, he said pointing a wood sword at the lanky boy.
He turned a shade whiter as the other recruits stepped away from him.
It was if they thought they would attract the attention of the savage Kapal by standing next to him.
Of course you can use him, Lord Gortus.
On his word Gortus grabbed the man by the back of his shirt and pulled him to the bloodied arena.
The instructor and recruits all followed and lined the outside of the arena.
Gortus stood in front of him inches from his face, You want to laugh at my student.
You want to tell him where he should be or what he should do.
Perhaps you know the sword better than him.
Well, I want to find out.
Gortus circled around the man, as he spoke directly into his ear.
The man looked at Kilen from just inside the arena.
You will attack him.
Do not worry, he will not move from the spot his is in.
It should be easy with someone as skilled in the blade as yourself.
His pointed teeth smiled wickedly, You had better show your skill or I will personally train you in this arena from now on.
Kilen did not think the man could get any whiter than he already was.
He was sure that his own image was not helping matters any.
Kilen felt blood drying on the side of his head from one of Gortus successful attacks.
Gortus stood close to the battle so Kilen could not use his magic strength.
The man attacked furiously, but the swings were wide and slower than Gortus own.
Kilen deflected them with only a small amount of effort.
The man tried to use his strength attacking from overhead and met his sword with Kilen three times in a row, trying to beat Kilen down.
Kilen was surprised that he was holding up so well against the taller larger man.
The man was now red in the face instead of white.
He was becoming desperate.
Kilen knew that he would receive worse punishment if he let the man attack him successfully.
The fight went on for close to an hour, until the man attacks were weak and sloppy.
Kilen had stood in the same spot and had not received a single blow to his body for the entire fight.
Gortus stood before the wavering man still holding his sword, Tell everyone that if they even look at my arena again, they will suffer my training as this boy does.
You are lucky that I have him to train today and the next.
The man began backing up and tripped over one of the rocks lining the blood ring.
He very quickly put the rock back in its place and scrambled as quickly as he could to his old sword arena.
Their instructor ushered them away from the arena.
Kilen heard the man warning the others not to even look in their direction.
Once again Gortus stood in front of Kilen, ready to resume training, Congratulations.
You are faster at learning the sword than that recruit.
Keep up the effort and you will see the skill gap increase in size.
Defense is what I teach you at the moment, and you have learned it fairly quickly for a human.
Only Kapal learn it faster, but our lives depend on it.
I have not learned it well at all.
I cannot defend from your attacks more than three strokes at a time.
Gortus smiled a tiny smile, I am a master swordsmen.
Do not compare me to every man on the battlefield.
Defend against me three strokes and stand toe to toe with a soldier.
Survive an attack from a veteran and impress a king.
You are young and over the next few weeks we will make you a blademaster.
Now bring up your stick.
Kilen did as commanded.
Gortus had struck a chord in Kilen heart.
He had defended with little effort against a peer in training.
He was truly getting better, besides the lack of his own confidence.
Kilen raised his sword and took an aggressive stance just as Sergeant Wells had shown him.
Warm feelings of confidence ran down his body, inspiring him to prove himself.
The earth magic determination to be a great swordsman now burned in his veins like a white hot fire and Kilen let it run free.
Then he realized that the feelings could not be from the magic because Gortus was near.
They were his own.
Gortus attacked and Kilen defended.
Soon there was sweat dripping down Kilen brow, washing the blood from his face but staining his linen shirt collar.
Gortus lowered his sword and looked at the sun in the sky, shielding his eyes with his hand.
You had better run along to the kitchen.
Leroy should have been here by now.
Perhaps he is waiting for you to come to him today.
Kilen nodded and put his wood practice sword back in the rack Gortus refilled each day.
He started to the kitchen then stopped remembering the manners his mother taught him, Thank you.
Gortus seemed not to notice or if he did he did not respond.
Kilen continued on towards the kitchen.
Each step seemed to be a little more difficult for him to keep moving.
He had let his desire take root deeply and now the magic was adding to it.
He wanted to return to Gortus and train the sword till he dropped of exhaustion.
Kilen set his jaw and moved on, practicing the attacks in his mind.
I will help, Max said.
He started putting images of men attacking him into the forefront of his mind.
Kilen assumed it was from Max past.
The pull of the magic lessened as he fought an imaginary sword battle in his mind.
When Kilen arrived at the kitchen back door he saw no sign of Leroy.
Master Harvel was working the oven that Kilen had first built.
Kilen wandered over and waited for the skinny man to stop chucking wood on the fire.
Have you see Leroy, Master Harvel.
He jumped a bit, not noticing Kilen approach to the oven.
Yes, yes he is serving his food to the king, as requested.
Apparently the King has a new champion in training and has requested Leroy serve him as well.
I tell you the boy discovery of long lost Kapal recipes will soon be more popular than betting on your match today.
Oh, well I guess I will have to find something else to eat then.
Well, excuse my manners.
He left you this pot of stew to eat.
He said it would help with your fight today and he told me to tell you if you want there are some tarts back in the room if you are still hungry.
Kilen wondered about the message of the tarts, he had not eaten them to cool his mouth in days.
Tell me Master Harvel did you bet for me or against.
The skinny man ran a hand through what was left of his greasy hair.
Id rather not saybad luck and all.
I mean, I would not want you to lose just to make me a coin or two, and I could not live with myself if you died trying to win me a coin.
Kilen smiled and patted the cook on the shoulder, Yeah, I suppose you could not live with yourself, could you.
Kilen lifted the lid on the stew pot and started dishing up a bowl as Master Harvel watched out of the corner of his eye.
He ate his meal and thought he must be getting use to the Kapal flavors as this dish lacked in the bite it usually had.
He had a bowl and thought he had better not fight Mary on a full stomach.
Kilen left the kitchen to return to his room to prepare for the fight.
When he walked in Ted stood from his chair in the entryway.
Kilen sir, Leroy was here a small time ago.
He said that dinner is in the basket in your room.
He said I should lay out some water so I did.
Kilen turned for his room and wondered why Leroy would make two meals and not tell him.
He went into his room and on the writing desk was a sack with a note pinned to it containing tarts and dried meat strips of meat.
Kilen pulled the note and read it.
Harvel has been acting strange since I mentioned the bets being placed.
I think he may try and change my recipe if he gets a chance.
I think he betting that you will lose.
Inside the bag are some meat slices I have been preparing for you, for when you get assigned somewhere in the realm.
It is good for traveling and in a tight spot.
It is a bit potent though so I packed a few tarts for you to cool things off.
Good luck today.
I will be there waiting to collect our winnings.
Kilen ripped a piece of the meat off in his teeth and started chewing.
It was like salted leather in taste, but felt like he had swallowed a branding iron.
His instincts immediately went to drinking from the pitcher of water, but when he finally came back to himself he realized it was not working.
Dumping the bag onto the desk he snatched up a tart and started to eat.
He repeated the same experience without the water with the next bite, and then started to put the meat between two pieces of tart.
The taste was indescribable, but he could fight vomiting better than he could the spice.
He managed to get three slices down before he was too full of tart and water to eat anymore.
Hoping it was enough, he called Ted down to help him put on his armor.
With quick practiced hands Ted put on the armor and tightened the straps.
Thanks, Ted.
I hope you bet that crown like I told you to.
I did sir.
Good luck.
May the Brights aid you.
I may need them.
Sir, I saw the last match.
I think she will be a bit smarter this time around, but she already tried to fight you with an elemental.
So what more can she use.
Kilen had not thought of that before.
He had beaten her without much knowledge of magic either.
Feeling very confident now, they left his room.
Ted walked beside him out to the training grounds.
Kilen felt a little overwhelmed by the mass of people that had gathered at its edges.
He looked around and noticed that most of them wore long robes much like Brent and Brandon.
Most of them were green in color, spotted with a couple yellow, and blue.
As he walked through a small group that had lined the middle of the grounds he noticed some of the workers from the kitchen piling logs on the far side.
The stack was about as tall as Kilen and Mary stood beside it.
She smiled when she saw him and started to make her way to meet Kilen.
From the side came many familiar faces, Brent, Jace, and Gortus.
They all met in the center of the large open grounds.
Mary wore a mischievous smile.
Kilen, I am glad you made it.
You are sister says hello.
Hello, Mary.
Thank you for checking in on her now and then.
Mary giggled a little, Kilen, I have started training Kyra.
Well, at least teaching her to control her anger as well as I can.
Hopefully by the time you are finished with your training you will be able to visit her.
He was glad to know that Kyra had someone to help her like he did.
Even more importantly, she was not alone.
Thank you very much.
Do not thank me yet, we still have to fight.
If you still feel like thanking me afterwards I will accept.
He nodded and she walked back towards her pile of wood.
When she did, Kilen saw Brent step away from their small group and head towards a very upset Twilix coming through the line of watchers.
The dirt swirled around her feet as she stomped up to the small group and walked past Brent on her way.
He struggled to keep up and talk to her as he did.
There is no reason for you to be here, Twilix.
I told you that I could handle it.
NO REASON.
He is my student I will determine if I should be at his training or not.
I have not prepared him to fight her with a pyre, and yet she builds one anyway.
The bad part is, you let her.
She arrived at the small group and looked Gortus up and down before he met Kilen eye and walked away.
All of you leave.
I have to prepare my student.
Everyone left except for Brent, who stood his ground behind her.
She fixed a glare on him and he soon slipped away also.
I told you I would be here and here I am.
Now, you see that mound of wood they are still assembling.
He nodded his head.
I imagine she will soon light that on fire.
When she does she will step into it, absorbing the fire heat, just like I asked you to make it rain so I would have the strength to help you summon an elemental.
She will pull energy and heat from the flames to fight you with, so you must be very careful.
As long as that fire burns she will become more powerful.
The down side is, the hotter she burns the wood around her the faster it will consume itself.
If the fire goes out she will be reduced to her normal wizard self, which is still a difficult challenge.
Kilen I fear that you will lose this fight.
Kilen thought back to what Ted had said about what more could Mary do, he felt like he had cursed himself when he agreed.
I am sorry to ask, Twilix, but I am not sure I can win unless I can summon an elemental.
So regrettably, I am asking if I have permission.
Do not start asking for my permission now, you have already burned that bridge.
If you can use it Id say you had better.
I do not see how you would stand a chance otherwise.
Just be careful not to hit her with a shield this time, huh.
Kilen smiled at the remembrance of hitting Mary with his shield.
He was afraid that it would take something just as bold in this fight.
Twilix made her way toward the now mob sized group of onlookers.
He noticed that Captain Lorusk was the one in the crowd that she stood next to.
Then he focused back to Mary who waved from the other side of the training grounds.
Knowing he was out of earshot he whispered, Ok Joahna, remember our agreement.
You are to fight the elemental only.
I will take Mary by myself, if I can manage.
He saw the size of the wood pile and altered his agreement, You might have to help protect me if you can.
Agreed, was all Joahna said.
Kilen started to focus on the water in the air and gathered it from as far away as he could.
Rain started to sprinkle then pour over the training grounds, darkening the earth as it did.
He held out his hand in a cup and gathered a palm full of water.
Forming a small liquid man in his hand, he was ready to unleash Joahna.
Mary saw that he was ready to begin the fight and pointed to the wood, which caught aflame.
She walked up to the pile of wood and sat leisurely at its peak, as if it was not on fire.
Soon the flames leapt unnaturally from log to log until she was swallowed by the fire itself.
Soon a giant arch of fire landed on the grounds between Kilen and the pyre.
It took on the naked form of a woman with two outstretched wings of flame.
The elemental again brought out a long molten whip dripping flames as it cracked over the earth.
In elemental form, Mary stood still while waiting for Kilen to come to her.
Kilen whispered, We can do this.
He was trying to instill confidence in himself as well as Joahna.
He focused his mind as Twilix had taught him and heard the familiar concussion with Joahna leaping out of his mind.
He looked down to see the tiny elemental melt into a puddle then form itself into the shape of a boar with two sets of long tusks.
Max shot the image of a desert boar chasing him on to a pile of rocks as a kid.
Then the boar spoke in the guttural voice of Joahna.
Throw me.
Kilen did, and as the tiny boar commanded, it flew through the air and grew in size to stand the same height as Mary winged demonic creature.
Seeing Joahna taking such a strong creature as an elemental, Kilen drew his sword and formed a shield of ice.
Mary and Joahna charged at each other and ice was met with molten flame in a wall of smoke and steam.
Tusks ripped through flame to be reduced to puddles on the ground.
Mary filled the holes left by the tusks, healing her elemental.
The tusks reformed of the head of the boar.
Kilen knew that most weapon bearers and wizards could not use their physical body when assuming an elemental without lots of practice.
Kilen had never fully entered into an elemental, but he needed to pretend that he was using both the elemental and his body.
He walked slowly across the training field now littered with small flames.
He was headed where he could do the most damage, Mary pyre.
Joahna moved from side to side to keep himself in between Mary and Kilen.
The flames on the pyre burned brighter and taller as Mary struck out with her molten whip.
It coiled around Joahna midsection and caught him in its grasp.
Joahna was steaming and the flame whip held taut, pulling Mary elemental as he tried to free himself.
If a flame could smile, Kilen was sure that Mary would have made her demon smile one fit for the attack she was about to give Joahna.
She yanked on the whip, pulling it tighter.
The coils constricted and sawed Joahna midsection in half, creating a cloud of steam.
Then she turned on Kilen, walking slowly and confidently in after him.
Kilen braced himself for an attack as Max spoke.
Joahna is still out there.
He did not return.
Kilen started to panic, but just as he did he saw the water gathering itself in the air with the water vision.
A desert hawk made of ice formed from the cloud and dropped from the sky.
GO.
You have to get to Mary, or we will never win this fight.
Kilen, standing still and acting as a spectator in the fight started walking again, persistently getting closer to Mary.
The molten whip cracked and swirled around his head as he did his best to deflect it with his shield.
Kilen heard a crash saw Joahna with icy feet sizzling and melting as he pinned Mary elemental to the ground.
In one fast movement Joahna clasped his beak around the flame demon head and pulled it free from its body.
Then he swallowed it whole.
The hawk steamed and melted and reformed with such grace that Kilen was in awe of Joahna skill.
He knew that Joahna could not last forever though.
He turned and ran, ignoring the battle behind him.
Kilen ventured a look at the groups of people watching in the distance and saw Twilix standing with arms crossed and a look of confusion on her face.
He knew he should not have looked, but the damage was done.
He continued to walk as the heat and smoke from the littered fires on the training field assailed his body.
He worked magic to protect his eyes and his body to protect them from the heat.
Then he heard silence behind him.
Mary elemental was gone.
Joahna was still a giant desert hawk standing on the field behind him.
Kilen slowly closed the gap between him and the pyre which Mary had set ablaze.
With her elemental gone Mary lashed out with continuous fire balls.
Kilen ice shield worked well enough when the fireballs were small in size, but soon she started launching some as big as the traitor bowls.
Joahna swooped in and took one in the elemental chest.
The injury sealed and Joahna walked on in front of Kilen.
The attack seemed to stop, but Kilen could clearly see Mary in the fire.
She held her hands in front of her and soon the flame from the pyre started to gather into her hands, forming a sphere of rotating fire.
Joahna stopped moving and soon turned the elemental to ice.
The fires surrounding Mary and even some from the battlefield died down low, almost to the point of extinguishing themselves.
Kilen felt the concussion and wobbled at Joahna unexpected return into his head.
DONT LET IT TOUCH YOU., he screamed.
He was almost too late as the sphere of fire had turned white hot and came screaming from Mary hands toward Kilen.
He managed to duck and raise his shield.
He felt nothing but a searing heat as the sphere passed by him.
His entire body felt like he had lain out in the sun during a hot summer day.
It reminded him of standing too close to the blacksmith furnace.
When he managed to regain his composure, he opened his eyes to see the sphere had melted his shield and burned him through all his water protection and armor, and it had not touched him at all.
Mary was now slumped on top of her fire.
The flames still low to the logs, but Kilen knew that she was regaining her strength.
He knew it was his chance to move quickly, she had put too much into the attack.
Now was his chance to stop this battle.
He ran with as much speed as he could and closed the distance to her fire.
When he neared it the flames leapt up to their normal height.
Fire balls started raining down again, this time much smaller only so rapid that Kilen could not close the gap.
He started to gather rain above Mary, but it was too hot for the moisture to gather.
He threw one ice spear, but it melted before it reached the edge of the wood pile.
Kilen knew that his only chance was to put out the fire, or at least reduce it in size.
Kilen started forming a wall of ice in front of himself to protect from Mary bombardment of flames.
When it was thick enough to withstand a couple of blasts he stopped using all magic to give himself time to think.
He was not close enough to attack her with water, she would turn up the heat when it was out of his control.
Bury her fire like you did her elemental last time.
It will give you the opportunity to take her on one on one.
Max idea made so much sense Kilen did not know why he had not thought of it.
He immediately went to work hoping that his ice wall would hold out long enough.
He concentrated on the ground and opened two cracks on either side of Mary burning pyre.
The shaking of the ground sent logs tumbling into crevasses.
Kilen made the cracks deeper, pushing the earth up from underneath the pyre like a mountain being born.
Mary tumbled with her logs, but managed to stay out of the crevasses he made.
When all of the logs rolled in, he slammed them shut, letting Mary freefall from her temporary mountain peak.
Smoke rolled from small cracks still in the ground and Mary laid still in the center of the destruction.
Kilen walked slowly, sword raised and ready to attack.
He reformed his shield, then Mary stood.
He was close enough now to engage in weapon combat, but she had nothing to fight with.
She looked weary from the battle, her arms hung limp at her sides and black ash stained her skin, but her eyes were as furious as ever.
She did not intend to lose.
She managed to raise her hands and unleashed a solid flame that Kilen deflected with his shield.
The heat caused his already burnt skin to renew with pain.
He crumpled and held his shield up in front of him until he felt the heat no more.
Mary collapsed on the field, landing face first into the dirt.
With a still steaming ice shield, Kilen stood and moved to Mary.
He nudged her with his foot and felt the water in her body.
She was as subdued as he had ever made Kara.
He had defeated her again.
Only he knew that it was not a battle won by a single man.
Kilen sheathed his sword and bent to pick her up.
In his magic infused muscles he lifted her as if she were a feather, then carried her to Twilix.
King Elick Rekkan moved his troop of veterans slowly through his realm, stopping at every well to fill water skins.
Only a few days had passed but already he had lost one warrior to a giant desert boar called a gorvat.
A gorvat was known to be able to kill and feed on entire villages and move on to the next.
They grew to the size of peasant houses and had tusks the size of a man.
Their heads were covered in thick leather and underneath the skin laid an even thicker skull.
They were extremely hard to kill.
Elick small group of veterans was able to take it down with only one loss.
Its meat fed his troop for a week before rotting.
One soldier had the unfortunate luck of sleeping on a scorpion nest, he died while others slept.
Despite the loss of the two men his troop had grown.
With each small village or oasis that they traveled through, they were joined by veteran soldiers.
Each man brought only what foodstuffs and water they could carry and their imbued armor and weapons.
The small troop traveled by moonlight to save themselves from the sun terrible heat.
With the addition of the troops the line they had slowed considerably to aid those without horse or camel.
At the last town Elick ordered that if a man cannot keep up he would be left behind, but all were welcome to join.
The battle to come could change the Fire Realm fate forever.
Elick placed a small wooden bowl into the sand and filled it with water.
They had been traveling too long in the morning sun and already his troops were beginning to feel the heat.
He had to make sure that he was traveling in the right direction.
The dunes and waves in the sand were constantly changing.
He had experience fighting pirates on the coastal cliffs surrounding Iratan, the capital of the Realm, but he had little to no experience navigating the vast desert to the north.
The water soon settled and its surface was still.
He placed a small leaf on the surface of the water and waited for it to still its self.
Out of his pouch he drew a tiny steel arrow and held it between his fingers to examine it.
This was a trick he had been taught to navigate.
Silently he thanked his predecessor for teaching him.
He rubbed it on the silk scarf that protected his face from the sand and then carefully placed it on top of the leaf.
The arrows point would turn the leaf and point the way north.
He did not understand how it worked, but trusted his master to know the truth.
The arrow pointed north and he knew he was on the correct path.
He collected the tiny arrow and leaf, and drank the small bowl of water.
Water was precious in his realm, and not to be wasted.
After he drank his bowl, others took a drink from their skins.
He remounted his horse and started up the dune.
He was now certain that he was close to the Oasis of Puratel.
His company would find shelter, sleep, and provisions.
It was the last big civilization before they entered the Earth Realm.
Once he arrived he would let his soldiers rest and regain their strength in the shade of the trees.
Once on top of the dune he saw the treetops exposed over the next three dunes.
They were close.
He turned to announce it to his men and saw that the trail of troops extended back five dunes with no gaps.
He had not realized that his army had grown in size so much.
Confidence flooded his veins like the heat from his first piece of imbued fire armor.
With a troop this size his realm looked to be more powerful than he had expected.
He actually stood a chance.
Bowie watched Kilen carry the fire wizard to Twilix.
She seemed more confused by Kilen than surprised.
He knew today would be another day he would not get to spend with his best friend.
He turned to leave and found men waiting on him to start paying out his gold.
A bet was a bet.
He handed out thirty gold crowns to men whom he had placed bets with.
He knew Kilen was a quick learner and smarter than more men he knew.
He should have taken that into account before betting such a heavy sum.
It mattered to Bowie little though.
The entire recruit army had just received their first payment for service in the king army, and he knew just how to take advantage of that.
John Curtain was built like a carved statue, his muscles bulged in every direction and were thick with veins running over their surface.
His bow drew hard and required an even harder man to wield it effectively.
Once he had intimidated Bowie, but now he was his subordinate.
My Lord, the supplies you requested were parked by the archery range.
I would put them in your room before long.
The recruits are not allowed to leave the grounds for another month yet, and they will probably be trying to steal that stuff.
Bowie smiled, That is exactly why I bought it John.
I intend to make a profit.
He knew that the recruits were not allowed to leave the castle grounds for another month.
Captain Lorusk warned him about leaving after the first day of training.
The king was providing anything that the recruits would need, food, shelter, armor, uniforms.
The problem was that Bowie was considered a full soldier in the army and could leave the grounds.
He saw it as an opportunity to set up shop.
He would be the only place where the recruits could buy things they wantedlike ale.
Bowie had bought ten large casks just for such a venture.
Now all he had to do was spread the word.
He headed back to the archery range both to oversee training and to oversee his new stock of goods.
John Curtain followed in his wake, creating a large shadow following Bowie.
When he arrived, the young boys were already starting to point at the three canvas covered wagons near the back of the range.
They were filled to the brim with ale, wine, cheese, polished knives, bows, and an assortment of leather armor.
Bowie also had a few new hats made as his had taken a beating on the road.
Feathers were a little harder to come by, but he found some for sale from a hawker and bought some dyes to fix them himself, in an assortment of colors.
John, could you see to the training.
I need to go over the supplies I ordered.
John smiled.
I will see to the training if you will do me a favor in return later tonight, Master Crescent.
Bowie thought it over and wondered at what game John was playing at.
Since the day Bowie had been promoted and beaten John at archery, John had been obedient and docile.
It could not hurt to at least hear his request.
What is it you want John.
I want a rematch.
John crossed his massive arms across his chest and smiled a mischievous smile.
Sorry John, I have nothing to bet with.
All of my coffers were emptied on that fight just moments ago, and these supplies.
Well that is ok, I want to bet for something else.
What is it then.
I want one of those hats there, like the one you wear on your head.
Some of the men say it marks you as an archer, that it gives you some advantage in shooting.
Bowie laughed a small amount, I tell you that it offers no advantage that I know of, but nonetheless I will take the bet.
If you will see to all the training tomorrow, if I win.
Bargain struck, John said as he spit in his hand and held It out to Bowie.
Bowie reluctantly clasped the now wet hand and shook on it.
John smiled and started shouting at recruits malingering on the range.
Bowie went about removing the canvas from atop his three wagons full of goods, and noticed four of the boys watching him while waiting their turn to shoot.
Something the matter boys.
They laughed a bit at Bowie.
They had taken bets with him and won.
One fingered his purse.
It probably contained more money than he had ever had before.
One of the boys spoke up, We were just wondering how you are going to unload all of that by yourself.
More importantly, how you are going to drink all that ale and wine.
They laughed a bit more at the boy remarks and Bowie knew that he had found his first customers.
Actually, I knew that you all could not go into town so I found a way to bring some of the town to you.
Any of you care for a pint later I will bust open one of these casks for a small price, but you will have to bring your own mug.
The boys looked taken back a bit before they started talking amongst themselves quietly.
Anything else on those wagons for sale.
I told my ma I would get some real good boots before I went on any big marches.
Well everything on these wagons is for sale, except a few personal items like those hats.
They talked again, this time with a bit more excitement.
I do need a couple of guardsmen to make sure nothing stolen off of the wagons if you boys want a free pint later.
All the boys immediately volunteered to guard the wagon for a pint of ale.
Bowie finished his inspection and made a list of his items.
He told them that two at a time could go and practice the bow and switch until they were done for the day.
Bowie went back to assisting John in teaching, and was asked a couple times by the recruits about the wagons.
He knew that it was going to be a long night, but a night filled with profit.
The recruits guarded the carts as Bowie rejoined John teaching his classes.
The archers had come a long way in a week.
Some tested out with a basic skill, and John taught them battle formations and battle commands.
The battle skill Bowie had no knowledge of and sat in on the classes himself.
Evening meal came and went and he finally made it back to his carts to start selling items.
A line had formed already by the direction of his impromptu guards.
Bowie called out for anyone that wanted ale or wine to step out of line.
He sold all of the weapons he had including swords, bows, and knives.
The leather items went next.
Boots were in high demand.
Many of the recruits asked about the hats and some even wanted to pay upwards of five silver marks for them.
He held them back, but he could always get more.
Some others requested Crescent arrows and bow strings, but were refused since he had not had time to make any since arriving at Deuterium.
He now had new ideas of what he needed to buy for next week.
His father had always taught him to look ahead of the consumer.
During the sales he had little time to look about or get to know the recruits that had come to make purchases.
Bowie had noticed a man that never made a purchase standing a small distance away leaning against an announcement board.
He wore a tan robe with sleeves that nearly hung to the floor.
The tan material draped around him loosely.
He wore no embellishments and no weapons to be seen.
Bowie could not quite place why the man seemed so odd to him.
The man drew his attention, nonetheless.
The wares were soon all gone and the ale was running low when Bowie noticed that his archery range was covered in the passed out, drunken bodies of his recruits.
Normally a strong arm would show out the men that had drunk too much.
Boys not knowing how to handle their booze was not part of the planning he had done.
He needed to clean this up quickly.
He saw two boys standing where the man in the tan robe had been.
He could not place their names but the two had been some of the better skilled at the bow.
He motioned them over and they came running to his call.
When they approached, he recognized them as two of his trainees that had tested and passed early in the week.
I am about to close up shop.
If you want to make a purchase you will need to do it now.
One of the boys spoke up, My pa told me not to spend my wages on ale and women.
The other boy nodded his head in agreement with the first.
Smart man your pa.
Id like to say I wish there were more men like him, but then Id be out of business.
Where are you two from.
They answered in unison, Chutne, in the water realm.
They laughed that they had answered together.
Both of them said it with pride in their voice, standing a little straighter when they did.
That is not too far west of Basham, is it.
They nodded their heads together.
A few day ride from there, depending on the horse, the taller boy answered.
I am from Humbridge myself.
I just made the rank and position a couple days before you arrived.
I am thinking I need a bit of a hand here tonight if you are willing to earn a few extra coins in your pocket.
They looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders, then turned back to Bowie.
Sure, what do you need, the shorter asked.
First I need you to remind me of your names.
The tall boy put down his bow and leaned it against the wagon unstrung.
I am Tyler, people call me Ty.
This is my good friend, Andrew.
Let me guess they call you Drew.
Bowie answered him.
No, he said flatly.
How can we help, Master Crescent.
For starters, I need all of these men helped back to their rooms.
I do not care how it is done, whether you help them hobble or use my wagons here to cart them to the doorsteps.
Just get them off the archery range.
I have a challenger in the bow that is waiting for me.
After I am finished I might have something else for you to accomplish.
Right away, sir.
They both turned to get to work and Bowie stopped them before they got three steps away.
Hey.
Are you two going to negotiate a payment.
My pa told me never to turn down a job when its available.
Well, you pa was wrong this time.
I did not tell you to turn it down.
I asked if you wanted to negotiate the price.
The boys stuck their heads together and talked quietly and pointed at the cart Bowie had laden with his left over merchandise.
We want three silver halves and one of those hats you wear.
Sorry boys the hats are not for sale.
How about three whole silver pieces and no hat.
The boys stuck their heads together and turned to Bowie standing atop his wagon.
The hats might not be for sale, but they might be for bargaining.
We will take the hats and no silver.
Bowie was taken back a bit by the boys counter offer.
I guess I did not say they could not be bargained for.
Why is it you want one of these hats so badly.
This time Ty spoke without checking with Andrew, We like the way they look.
Besides, my pa said that if you are to ride with a commander, you should dress like him.
He says that if the commander is wearing clothing not like the others the enemy will pick him out and attack him directly.
He said that it would cause chaos amongst the ranks.
He said also that we should take every opportunity to get close to our superiors to gain their favor for a quick rise in rank.
Bowie took a moment to take in everything that Ty had said.
They were things he had not thought about.
If he was to lead troops to fight, his hat would give them a target for sure.
Then the idea hit him.
I tell you what I will do.
After the bodies are cleared off the field meet me and Corporal Curtain out on the archery range, and bring your bows.
I will give you the opportunity to win your hats.
No promises, but you will receive a chance.
Smiles lit their faces as they went to work more excitedly than they had been at first about clearing out the drunks.
Bowie fetched Charger and hitched him to the wagon and pulled him around the back side of the barracks.
The barracks attendant said he would see to his belongings and Bowie told him to take a bottle of wine for his efforts.
He too worked more excitedly than Bowie had ever seen him before.
Bowie picked up all four hats and walked back to the range.
Already the drunks were starting to disappear.
The statue like John was sitting on a stool near the far corner of the range.
He had taken to sitting in that spot when Bowie was attending the recruits.
It gave him a clear view of the range, and put him in hearing of Bowie coaching.
Well shall we get to it then John.
We can, Master Crescent.
How would you like to do this contest.
I named the terms of the last, you can name your terms now.
Why do not we take turns firing shots and the closest at the end wins the wager.
John nodded his head on a thick neck and went to the farthest spot from the targets.
Bowie followed, eager to see what John could do after his teaching.
Three shots were fired by both men, and then they walked to the target to inspect the results.
Bowie had won again by a small margin.
John shoulders and pride seemed to sag when he approached the target and saw the results.
Let us try something else.
I know that you are battle trained and I am not.
I shoot targets, whether it is an animal or a ring of straw.
I want to try you in your area of expertise.
Let us go back to the mark and fire three shots as fast as we can.
John nodded and his face took on a mask of determination.
Again, they took their places on the back line and both men knocked an arrow into their bows.
On three then, John.
As fast as you can mind you.
One, two, three.
The arrows flew through the air and all six arrows hit their mark.
This time when they approached the target John was the clear winner.
You see there John, when it comes to targets I am slightly better.
When it comes to battle ability and quick fighting you are the better shot.
I will reward you a hat.
I hope that you will wear it with pride.
Bowie moved to his cart and brought out one of the hats and handed it to John.
He felt its weight in his hands and turned it to examine it.
He then carefully placed it on his head and stood slightly taller when his hands left the brim.
Well, how do I look.
he smiled as he turned his head back and forth, waiting on a reply from Bowie.
Not as good as me, but maybe you could grow your hair out.
They both laughed, Well work on that John.
I have a couple of people I need you to meet.
As if being summoned by magic Tyler and Andrew came around the corner with their bows in hand.
All finished, Master Crescent.
Is there another job to be completed.
They looked from Bowie to John and clearly noticed the hat he was wearing.
They lowered their eyes a small amount and waited for Bowie to answer.
There is.
It is not a job but a test.
Bowie tried to bring every ounce of intimidating authority to his voice.
It was something he was not practiced at.
I want you to string your bows, then take aim at the targets down of the far side of the range.
The two boys strung their bows by bending them with their feet and placed the string into each end.
Both drew an arrow and knocked it, then they raised their bows in unison and took aim at the targets.
I want you to shoot three arrows each at those targets as fast as you can.
If you manage to hit the target all three times I will award you with a one of those hats you hunger for so much.
The two smiled at each other with bows still drawn then focused back on their targets closing one eye.
Six arrows were let loose.
Ty fired fast and landed two of the three.
The third sheared the edge and passed through the target.
Andrew landed all three of his arrows, but was just a bit behind Ty.
Bowie turned to John who stood with his arms crossed, but nodded his head.
Bowie held up a hand for the two boys to wait where they were.
He then walked a out of earshot with John to talk.
I am thinking that we could use some help with the number of recruits that we have to teach.
I do not have time to attend class, and I can not depend on you to teach them all.
How would you like to bring these two on as an extra set of eyes.
Not to train mind you, but to help you see the flaws in the recruits form.
Tell me what you think, John.
John scratched the stubble on his chin and took a moment to think it over.
He lowered his head, which hid his eyes from under the brim of the newly acquired hat.
Actually, I have something to confess.
My orders are to keep you from attending classes and use your expertise here on this range.
WHAT.
Why.
Fury was starting to build in Bowie throat, and he knew that his face was turning red while waiting for an answer.
Captain Lorusk gave me the orders.
It is to prevent you from receiving the proper training to keep the rank of sergeant or any other superior rank.
John removed the hat from his head and lifted his eyes to smile the same wicked smile he had the first time he challenged Bowie.
Although you are a superior officer and if you were to bring them on without asking me there would be nothing I could do.
He replaced the hat on his head and walked back to the two boys, still waiting for their next assignment.
Bowie kicked a small stone at his feet a few feet and decided that no one should prevent his promotion if he earned it.
He moved back to where John was standing, looking down on the two boys.
You two can have your hats, but you will have to do the job I spoke of earlier.
Your job is to show up here each day and aid in training these other recruits in using the bow.
Each of you will wear your hat wherever you go so that others know you are my men.
Lastly, every week I will bring in a load of supplies.
You will play the part of a shopkeeper and rid me of those supplies to arm this camp with proper equipment.
If you agree to the job and the payment you may retrieve your hats and be off to bed.
They both smiled and quickly nodded in agreement at each other.
We will take the job, Master Crescent.
Good, now off with you.
Report to Corporal Curtain tomorrow just after breakfast.
Bowie tipped his hat to John and made for bed himself.
He knew that he had to get some rest if he was to attend classes and teach recruits.
He would have far less time to visit the pubs and taverns than he liked.
Kilen laid Mary at Twilix feet.
He noticed that she did not even look down at Mary to check her condition.
Move her to her chamber please, she commanded to some guards standing nearby.
They saluted and gently carried Mary off as if she would erupt into flame at any moment.
Perhaps I did underestimate you, Kilen Everheart.
It is still no excuse for manipulating my words the other day.
Twilix glared at Kilen before she turned sharply, following after Mary limp body.
Kilen watched her stir up dust with every stomping step of her feet.
Her long golden hair shook with every step.
She was still angry at him and with just cause.
People started to congratulate Kilen and pat his shoulders.
From stronger, more aggressive recruits the pats felt like they were trying to hurt him instead of congratulated him.
Gortus came near and Kilen felt the full weight of his magic use.
He collapsed but was able to hold on to his consciousness.
He still did not have a grasp on how to use the element is own energy, so he had used his own.
Gortus took two steps back and Kilen regained his footing as everyone helped him up.
Gold exchanges were made and Kilen was given some pieces in thanks for winning their bets.
Soon the crowd had dispersed and Kilen saw him.
Master Harvel was walking slowly back to his kitchen and Kilen remembered what Master Harvel had almost accomplished.
If he had succeeded in keeping Kilen from his normal regimen of food, Kilen might not have defeated Mary.
He could be lying in a bed with his friends frantically trying to heal him.
Harvel could have lost him his life.
Kilen was overcome with anger as he stalked after Harvel.
He ignored those that congratulated him as he passed.
Harvel turned his greasy head to look behind him and met Kilen eyes.
His pace immediately quickened as he ran for his kitchen.
Kilen was sure that if he had been close enough he would have heard the scrawny man squeal in fear.
Kilen bounded twice to catch up to Harvel just outside the kitchen door.
A silence came over the recruits and workers in the area and Kilen drew his blade and held it to Harvel neck.
STOP.
STOP., he pleaded as Kilen refrained himself from crushing his throat.
He ignored the people that were now staring at him and held onto Harvel as he spoke.
You know what you did to me.
Now tell me why you did it, he growled between his teeth.
Harvel could not answer and was turning white as he tried to gasp for air.
Kilen let him loose but held the blade at his throat as he slumped down the wall to the ground.
Tell me now, he said in a demanding whisper.
I wanted to win a bet.
was all Harvel could say between gasps to catch his breath.
He lying, Max chimed in from the back of his mind.
Their emotions were one and were building in intensity off of each other.
When Kilen heard his voice he began to calm himself.
He finally became aware that not all of the anger was coming from his own emotions.
Kilen removed the blade from Harvel neck and pushed the point into his chest until he was sure that Harvel was feeling it.
Kilen held onto his shoulder, leaned close to the cook and whispered in his ear.
You are lying to me.
I want to know the truth.
Why did you poison me.
You will tell me now.
It was more a command than a question.
He whispered back his answer between chokes of air, The king ordered me to do it.
He gasped a couple of times.
Kilen was waiting for Max to tell him if he spoke the truth or not.
He answered again without prompting.
He arranged for Leroy to be away so that he could not feed you.
He then said I was took cook you a normal meal.
Lord Kilen, I did not poison you.
I simply made you a normal meal.
Kilen snapped back at him, You made me a meal that was as good as poison when you knew I was facing Mary.
You knew the extent of what you did and that is what matters most.
Kilen could feel the agreement of the two men inside his head.
You will stay out of my way and you will see that Leroy is not bothered by anyone else for my meals to be hindered.
Kilen released the scrawny man and walked through the crowd of recruits and workers that had assembled to watch.
He saw Jace sitting at a table and sat two seats down from him on the opposite side of the table.
He did not look at him or acknowledge him in anyway.
Meet at the front gate in an hour, he heard Jace say under his breath.
Kilen nodded in agreement, took a roll from the basket on the table, and waited for Leroy to return.
Kara sat on her bed, still a little embarrassed to be seen in her revealing leather outfit.
She knew that it had withstood the heat and the flames so far, but it did not make her any more comfortable wearing it.
The single candle gave her enough light to view the contents of the room, but it cast shadows in all the corners.
She had earned a washstand and a straw mattress for her metal bunk.
It lit fire in the night but the guards said that was normal and replaced it every day.
Mary had given her a small crate of candles that she melted in two days trying to control her flames.
The guards had since brought her a ration of three candles a day to give her more practice in control.
Kara was feeling less angered everyday that she practiced.
Short outbursts in the morning were usually toned down within a couple hours after she remembered to focus her anger.
She hoped that Kilen was not injured after his training with Mary.
She did not quite know how Mary could call it training when she was attacking him with flames.
She took a couple deep breaths to calm down.
She did that now to calm herself before she became enraged.
A knock at the door let her know that her lunch was outside the door.
She knew that she had to answer calmly to get them to enter the room and drop off her new mattress and three candles along with something to eat.
Now that she was able to control her emotions better, her guards were becoming more patient.
Just a moment and I will be ready for you, she said still trying to breathe deeply.
If it helps, your brother won the match again without hurting her.
Silence rang out in the small room while she took time to contemplate what the guard had told her.
Thank you very much.
It does.
She took a couple more deep breaths and sat down on her metal bed.
You may enter now.
I will not harm you.
She heard the key in the lock and felt her emotions rise in her throat.
It reminded her that she was a captive here and that angered her.
She closed her eyes and breathed in her mouth and out through her nostrils.
The men seemed to notice this as they cracked the door open and saw her sitting there, breathing heavily.
They waited for her to calm herself.
It is ok, I am fine.
She told them after a couple moments.
The first one in always had a shield at the ready as they entered.
They hid behind it as they worked.
The second man in the room laid the fresh straw and candles on the ground then went back into the hallway to retrieve her meal.
He always seemed to announce it as it was placed on the washstand.
Chicken and potatoes again mlady.
I managed to put two rolls on it for ya today though.
She answered back to the man everyday with a thank you, but today she felt in more control.
Thank you, kind sir.
May I ask if you two would join me while I ate.
I have not had a conversation with anyone in quite some time.
The two looked at each other and furrowed their brows in disbelief or in confusion.
She was sure they thought she was lying to her, and her anger started to swell.
She breathed deeply, I am sorry.
Breathing between sentences so that they would not leave, I do not mean you any harm.
You can hold your shield up if you feel it would be safer.
The two men whispered behind the shield and the one holding the shield said, I can hold it.
The second man went into the hallway and brought back two stools for them to sit on.
They sat in silence and waited.
Kyra slowly moved to the stand and retrieved her meal, then sat back down across the room on her metal bed.
The two men still sat in silence behind their massive shield.
My name is Kara, can I ask what yours are.
She took a bite of food to set their minds at ease.
My name is Chris and behind me is Ben.
The silence filled the room again.
She wanted them to talk instead of being afraid of her.
The anger started to creep up on her again.
She breathed deeply while chewing her food.
It seemed to help the process because she recovered herself quicker.
She took a bite of a roll and tried to think of the next question she wanted to ask.
She knew that it would have to be something more complicated, something that would require some explaining.
Did you see Mary fight with my brother.
She immediately had to start calming herself after asking the question.
Hopefully it would do the trick, trying to control herself and carry the conversation seemed to be the extent of her current capabilities.
Ben spoke up from behind the shield.
She was kind of irritated that she could not see his face.
I saw it milady.
Your brother won me a handful of gold.
The feats that he are able to do is amazing.
I can only hope that I can control magic that well someday.
She was starting to calm down and relax while she ate.
She nodded her head hoping that he could see her so that he would keep talking.
Ben recounted the story, talking about the creatures that Kilen formed and how he made them seem so life like.
He pointed out that Kilen could move while having an elemental formed, and how that was a great ability.
When Ben started talking about Mary using inferno fire on Kilen, she stopped eating and became confused.
Ben realized what he had said did not make sense to her by the look on his face.
Soon Kara noticed that Chris had lowered the shield and she could see the fullness of both their faces.
She smiled at them to reassure them, and they nodded in return.
Ben began to talk about what inferno fire was and what it looked like, but before he could finish Kara became angry.
She held up one hand to stop him from talking and Chris raised his shield.
She took no offense to it this time.
She really did not want to hurt either of them.
They were not the one trying to hurt her brother.
Taking a moment to herself, she relaxed and the said to them, I am sorry, please continue.
Ben made the rest of the explanation quickly, as not to upset her again.
When she next looked down she saw that her plate was clean.
Her stomach was full and she had barely noticed the meal in trying to control herself.
It felt good to have a full stomach.
She normally burned her food before she could consume it all.
She smiled again at the two men, Thank you so much for sitting with me.
I think it helped me to control myself in a way.
Do you think you could join me tomorrow for lunch.
Chris finally spoke up, It would be a pleasure to join you for every meal.
Working this assignment is almost as lonely as being in one of these cells.
It is refreshing to see someone in control enough to sit with.
The rest of the wizards in the hallway try to kill us every day.
Kara became excited when she found out that she was not the only other fire wizard in the cells.
She was not alone in her struggle to control the anger.
How many other wizards are there in rooms like mine.
The two men stood to leave and Chris lowered his shield a slight amount so that she could see his face.
He winked at her as he spoke, Oops, we are not supposed to let you know about the others.
Guess we will have to keep that a secret for now.
She winked at him in return, I understand.
She was very happy at the way this meeting had turned out.
She had thought it over in her mind for the entire day before.
She wanted to show Mary she could control herself and this is the only way she knew how to impress her.
When the door was shut Kara saw that the two men had left one of the stools in the room.
Chris.
Ben., she shouted out the crack in the door.
We are here, Kara.
What do you need.
You left your stool in my room.
I thought you would like to take it with you.
She waited and heard the key locking the door.
Keep it until tomorrow.
Do not burn it to ashes and we will have lunch again.
Kara clapped at his response in pure joy.
She had received yet another piece of furniture.
Mary had told her each piece she received would be a step in getting out of her cell.
She pushed it to the corner, sitting it atop her box of candles.
Kara wanted it far away from where she practiced her fire.
It was now her most prized possession.
Kilen and Jace had stalked around the city for a couple hours now.
They had followed nobles and thieves alike.
They listened at windows while Jace gave directions on how to look as though you had a purpose for being at a window.
He sent Kilen to steal a pie from a noble dining table while servants rushed to clean the remnants of dinner.
He moved from project to project until they found themselves perched onto the same place he had been when he saw Izabel dealing with the thief girl.
He lay with his stomach against the tiles as he observed the dealings of the market square.
The girl was nowhere to be found.
She had obviously been redirected to work another part of the city when Izabel left the town.
This had been the single most productive night that Kilen had had with Jace since arriving in Deuterium.
He had not been caught once in any of his endeavors.
Though, he had still knocked a couple of tiles loose from the roofs that he jumped on.
He watched the merchant is sleight of hand to acquire coppers here and there.
He watched the faces of people coming and going.
Then he saw her, a woman standing next to the alleyway on the far side of the market.
It was his mother.
The woman looked so much like his mother he was unsure himself whether or not to believe it.
She put up her black cloak hood quickly before disappearing into the alleyway.
He scrambled up the roof and crawled over to where Jace had taken to whittling a piece of wood.
I just saw my mother in the market.
May I go after her.
Jace put away the wood and knife and nodded his head.
It would be good practice stalking.
Follow and do not approach until you are sure it is her.
Kilen understood but did not wait around to talk.
He jumped from the roof and landed softly on the ground below.
He hooded his face slightly, as Jace always did before moving into public.
He crossed the market and into the alley the woman had disappeared into.
He looked behind but did not find Jace following anywhere.
He could not quite understand how Jace seemed to blend with every color of wall he stood next to.
At the mouth of the alley Kilen looked for the woman in the black cloak but was unable to see her.
He moved back from the direction he had come and leapt to the top of the buildings.
Jace waited on the far end.
Kilen looked far down the streets from his high vantage point, but saw no one in a black cloak.
He jumped from roof to roof checking the adjacent streets, but found nothing on either street.
Jace caught up with him and placed a hand on his shoulder.
Perhaps tomorrow we can check local shops and taverns to see if anyone has seen her.
It will be good for you to learn to find someone in a city using only a description and a name.
Kilen was still looking in all directions, trying to find someone walking in a black cloak.
Jace squeezed his shoulder and turned Kilen to face him.
If there is one person in this city that can find a new visitor in town, it is me.
Do not worry, if she here we will find her.
He patted his shoulder twice and began walking away, down the rooftop.
Kilen reluctantly followed but he knew that he would not be able to find his mother without Jace help.
Slowly they made their way back to the castle gates, Kilen still looking in every direction for his mother.
A guard stopped Jace at the gate and handed him a note.
Jace nodded his head and moved with Kilen a few paces away, heading for the training grounds.
The king wishes an audience with me.
I will see you tomorrow at the same time.
Try not to threaten any more of the kitchen workers Or anyone that works under his charge, for that matter.
He laughed as he moved towards a guarded door and disappeared inside.
He wanted badly to find his mother, but he was not entirely sure it was her.
He kept asking himself questions like.
Why would she have come here.
Where would she look to find him.
If she had read his letter, why had not she come to the castle asking for him.
He had to have faith that if there was a woman that fit the description, Jace would find her.
With nothing left to do for the day Kilen made his way to the barracks to catch up on rest from the fight earlier in the day.
Constant thoughts of his mother flooded his mind.
Did she have enough money to stay in Deuterium.
Was she staying in the right side of town.
Once again he was caught unaware of his surroundings when out of the sky in front of him a man in tan cloth landed softly in front of him.
The sight of a flying man would shock anyone and Kilen was no different.
He stood as still as a statue, watching the man pull the loose cloth around himself and tie it up with a sash.
Weapon Bearer Everheart I presume.
Kilen closed his mouth and nodded his head Uhm I am not a weapon bearer yet, Sir.
Well of course not in the eyes of the king, but you carry a weapon and are willing to bear it to battle.
A weapon bearer you are, whether those around you or inside you see it.
Inside me.
Kilen panicked at the statement.
What did the man know.
Those voices inside you that make you what you are my boy.
If you believe that you are a weapon bearer in the depths of your mind and soul, then a weapon bearer you will be.
He leaned near Kilen and spoke in a whisper, I tell the voices in my head that I am a wind wizard.
Sometimes they do not like to listen, sometimes they beg me to be one.
He chuckled and Kilen was not sure if he was joking or not.
That is neither here nor there, I came to tell you my name.
Kilen waited for the wizard in the loose clothing to speak, but he stood with his arms crossed, examining Kilen up and down.
What IS your name sir.
He jumped as if he just realized he was not looking at a painting.
Of course, of course, my name is Alexander.
Wind wizard and Wind Council Seat of the Earth Realm.
He bowed a deep bow.
Cloth poured out around him as he did.
He became erect again, I will be conducting your training in wind magic tomorrow.
You will not be learning how to control wind, but how to combat it.
I would bring all the knowledge that you can muster.
Sometimes the voices are not as forgiving as I.
He smiled a friendly smile that contrasted the words that he spoke.
Use the knowledge of the voices in your head, friends, or whatever you will call them while training tomorrow.
Until then.
Alexander pulled the sash from his waist as a gust of wind buffeted Kilen from behind and lifted Alexander into the air.
He disappeared into the black night sky as quickly and quietly as he had come.
Still a little uneasy about the whole conversation, Kilen finished his walk to the torch lit barracks.
He walked past all the empty rooms and found room six closed.
Leroy must be getting to bed early for the tasks he had to perform tomorrow.
He entered his room and locked the door behind him.
Max did not have to hope too hard before he was formed into a tiny man standing on the washstand.
Kilen washed and readied himself for bed.
Max closed ice fingers on the candles in the room and put the room into blackness.
Kilen drifted off to sleep imagining how he would find his mother and explain what had happened to Kara.
He knew that sleep would not come easy this night.
Jace entered the smoky great hall to see King Atmos sitting on the dais.
Captain Lorusk and a young boy remained at a side table pouring over reports, and maps.
The torch light reflected off the grotesque suits of animal armor, casting shadows about the walls and pillars.
He felt the tension in the air and imagined that it was as thick as or thicker than the smoke from the torches.
His tan cloak let him blend into the wood surroundings of the hall.
It billowed out behind him as he marched to the King feet.
Kneeling, he crossed his hand across his chest.
I have come as you requested, my king, he said with bowed head.
The king stood off to the side of his golden oak throne and stepped down to Jace level.
Stand, Jace.
We have a problem in Deuterium.
I require your more subtle skills on a traitor in our midst.
Jace stood and the king placed a hand on his back and ushered him to the table the captain and the King champion were at.
Who is this traitor, my king.
The earth wizard, Brandon, came from behind a curtain to join all the men at the table.
The map on the table was the area near the border of the Fire Realm.
The map was marked with towers and military outposts.
Numbers and names of officers lay next to each unit on the map.
Let me ask you a question first, Jace.
How well do you know your student, Kilen.
I know him as well as any other recruit you have sent me to train over the years.
If he is his father son, maybe a small amount better.
Do you indeed know he is his father son.
Did Dylan Everheart ever introduce you to his son.
No, after the War of the Water Realm, I did not see him again to introduce us.
The king turned to face him, Did he ever tell you about his children, Jace.
I do not remember him mentioning that he had children, but Dylan did keep to himself most of the time.
Then how do you truly know that this is Dylan son.
I mean, sure he looks like Dylan, but do you have any hard evidence that he is the man son.
There is no evidence that I can provide that can tell you for sure that he is his father, other than finding the man to answer.
The king started to walk around the table to stand on the other side between Lorusk and his champion.
A moment later Brandon whispered something into Atmos ear.
The king moved small papers around the table, never holding one for long enough to read its content.
Tell me about his skills, Jace.
He is smart in books, maps, adding, and from what I have heard, strategy.
His skills with magic seem to grow everyday without an end of his capabilities in sight.
He has little to no skill in the sword, but is growing fast from Gortus teaching.
He is ready to be a weapon bearer at this moment if you were to test him.
I would recommend you let him study longer and he will probably surpass my skills as a scout.
That, Jace is one of the reason he is to be eliminated as soon as possible.
The king paused to let his direction sink in, or to see Jace reaction.
He was not quite sure which Atmos wanted.
He has improved too quickly for us to believe that he was untrained before coming here.
He is too skilled in magic to have never been trained before.
He accomplishes feats that only seasoned veteran wielders can perform.
The boy walks and fights while using elementals.
That skill is rare even amongst elder wizards.
He has become too dangerous for this kingdom to keep unchecked.
Perhaps he is a powerful tool that you could wield towards your enemies.
The king held up his hand to stop Jace from talking.
He looked over another report before meeting Jace eyes once more.
My advisors and I have already come to a conclusion that it is too coincidental that he has risen in power so quickly.
In this matter I will have no rebuttal, Jace.
I simply cannot let a potential threat rise so close to the heart of my kingdom at such a time as this.
Jace face was as stoney as ever but inside he was twisting with anger, while listening to the king.
He seldom let his emotions show, but he felt close to Kilen like he had not any other.
Perhaps it was because deep down, he knew that Kilen was Dylan son.
A time such as what, my lord.
You have no definite enemies yet.
Just rumors of enemies that we have not even had a chance at diplomacy with.
Captain Lorusk drew his sword and held its point in Jace direction.
YOU will watch your tongue when speaking to my king or I will cut it out.
Venom rolled of his tongue as spittle landed on the reports on the table.
King Atmos placed a single hand on his hilt and the Captain lowered it.
No need for that, Captain.
I would sooner cut yours out before his.
He is open to speak to me as he wishes.
This is one of those times that I need to hear it.
He turned to face Jace one more time, I need you to kill this boy Jace.
With all the training that he has received, you are the only one that knows what he is capable of.
Jace stood silent as the king waited for a reply.
Slowly he lowered his eyes and head.
I cannot do this task, my king.
Lorusk began to shout something but was cut off by a raised hand from the king.
Cannot or will not, Jace.
There is a difference.
I need to know that difference.
If you cannot, perhaps I should take what imbuement is you have been given, and let you retire.
If you will not, perhaps you should face the traitor bowls for disobeying your king.
I would hate to see either, Jace.
Jace thought for a moment.
Being a weapon bearer was the only thing that allowed him to live through most of the missions the king sent him on.
He could not go back to being just a soldier.
He knew that he would surely die if he did.
On the other hand, he knew that he would surely die if he faced the traitor bowls.
He had no choice but to complete the king task.
I will carry out your request, my king.
Atmos smiled and nodded his head.
He rounded the table and held out his hand to Jace.
I am glad you could see things my way, Jace.
Someday I will prove to you that you did make the right choice.
Jace gave the king a nod of the head and turned to leave without a salute.
He heard the captain start around the table after him but was stopped by the king.
Jace, the king said in a tone that told him there was more.
Jace stopped but did not turn around.
I cannot express my concern for subtleness in the matter.
Next year there will be much potential for second generation wielders coming to this army.
I cannot have them scared off because one dies.
Jace nodded his head again in understanding.
One last thing, you have until tomorrow at sunset.
We cannot afford for his strength to be increased anymore than it has been.
Jace all but stormed out of the great hall.
Max was about to wake Kilen, but instead used his icy fingers to strike a match and light a candle in the early morning darkness.
The candle lit the room and his body gave off sparkles and rainbows on the walls.
Max thought he would never get over having a body of ice.
He felt no pain or tiredness.
He was made of pure elemental magic.
He noticed Kilen eyes were already open when he turned around.
I still am a little creeped out by having an elemental wake me in the morning.
To think only three short weeks ago I had never even seen one.
Now I am being woken up by them every morning.
Max gave a small chuckle and filled a cup with water dripping off his fingers.
Well if you want I could, not wake you.
I would much rather be out learning how to use this water magic.
I will have to say that being out here is a lot better than being stuck in your brain.
They both laughed.
I am sorry, Max.
I did not mean to take your spirit.
If I could have stopped it I would have.
Max turned his elemental body to face Kilen even though he could look out of the back of his head.
It was the funny thing about being an elemental, you looked where you wanted.
Your eyes could be anywhere in that element.
Do not be sorry, Kilen.
Joahna always told me that being a wizard was a gift.
A gift with lots of consequences and responsibilities, but a gift nonetheless.
Slowly Max started to steam himself into a smaller version of the water elemental.
The steam filled the room and Kilen used a washcloth to wipe himself clean in the heat and steaming water.
When Kilen was finished Max moved the water into the cracks in the floor and into the crawl spaces, and finally he melted himself into an empty pitcher.
Kilen felt the concussion and steadied himself on the bed post.
He was getting better at controlling it, but it still made him a tiny bit dizzy.
I think I understand Joahna better now that I have been able to control an elemental as much as I have.
I think that it is similar to being a wizard.
Only when you are a pure elemental you can not die, Joahna said, joining the conversation.
Kilen dressed himself after wiping the sweat and water from his body.
Kilen, in my solitude I remembered a small bit of information that most wizards and wielders pass down when they teach.
I will pass it down to you now if you would allow me.
Kilen nodded his head while looking into the mirror.
In some situations a particular element is not available to be used, so you should always carry some with you.
This is in case you need to use it in an emergency.
I often carried a skin full of lamp oil.
When I needed the extra heat I would pour it out on the ground and light it for the extra strength in magical power.
You should always carry a water skin or bag of stones that you can use in such an emergency.
Is this some way to win back my trust, Joahna.
He had stopped dressing and gave the coldest stare that he could muster while looking in the mirror.
Kilen did his best to stare into his own eyes as if here were talking to another person.
He was in such deep thought about what Joahna had said that he did not see Leroy enter the room.
I can come back later if you want, Kilen.
Kilen cleared his throat and continued to dress.
No, no.
I was just practicing a little of what Jace taught me.
Being a scout is not all it seems on the surface.
I thought it would be mostly navigation, tracking, and wilderness survival, but it is much more than that.
HA, quick thinking, and good cover, Kilen, Max chuckled in his head.
Leroy smiled and moved to clean up the water left from Max transformation and steam bath.
He looked around the room as if he was trying to piece together what had happened and where the water had come from.
Well, do not let me interrupt.
The more practice you get the better you become at it, is what my father use to say.
Uhg, I can not believe I just quoted my father.
He shook his head while whipping down the desk and shook Kilen book like it had water on it.
Then he flipped through the pages.
Finding none wet, he returned it to its place.
Kilen ate and downed the pitcher that Max had filled and grabbed a water skin before running out of the room.
Thanks, Leroy.
We will see you later.
Leroy gave a small wave in return and Kilen jogged out of the barracks, eager to start the training for the day.
He wondered what Alexander could teach him with wind magic.
He thought that the wind would probably be the weakest magic in offense.
For a change it should be a pretty easy day.
Joahna spoke in the back of his mind, It was an attempt to reconcile myself but it was also something that all wielders should know.
Kilen had almost forgot what he was talking about with Joahna before Leroy entered the room.
He stopped and thought over what he remembered Joahna saying.
It could save his life in an emergency.
He bent and filled a pocket with sand from the training field.
He had on his side a water skin for use while he was training.
He would have to remember to fill it throughout the day.
Kilen felt a warm glow inside the back of his mind, it was the emotional knot that was Joahna.
It is a start, Joahna.
It was all he could find the strength to say.
Every time Joahna spoke or Max spoke of him he was reminded of Twilix face the day he had pushed her word to the limit.
He had hurt a woman that had only ever tried to help, a woman that had shown him compassion at every turn.
No, it was not enough to reconcile what Joahna had done.
He continued to the arena where he knew Gortus was waiting.
He was where he always was, kneeling in the middle of the circle of blood.
Kilen joined him and freed his blade, laying it in the dirt in front of him.
They prayed just like they always had then rose to start the day training.
In the middle boy, until you learn to stand against the world.
While Gortus retrieved the practice swords Kilen flexed and stretched his body.
He felt strange whenever he was near Gortus.
The lack of magic in his body seemed foreign.
He looked down at his arms and for the first time realized that his body was changing.
In the short time fighting with Gortus his body had thickened and grown.
The skin had become tighter over muscles and veins.
He knew that he was becoming a warrior.
It was just what Gortus had promised.
Kilen watched Gortus return and hand him a sword.
The recognition of his body changes invigorated his confidence.
He tightened his grip on the wooden handle, testing his strength.
The infatuation with his improved body had caused him to miss Jace walking into the arena.
His face was red with anger, something that Kilen had never seen on his face before.
Jace motioned Gortus to walk a small distance away.
Kilen magic returned and his grip tightened enough to make the wood in his grip creak under the pressure.
He loosened his grip, and adjusted his use of muscles to fit the magic inside him.
Jace turned to face Gortus so that Kilen could see his angered face.
Jace spoke in a whisper while looking over Gortus shoulder.
Kilen could hear every word that was whispered.
You are not moving fast enough with the boy.
The time has come when you must teach him to fight or he will lose this struggle.
You must teach him quicker.
Teach him as if this would be the last day you had with him before battle.
Like the last day he might be on this earth.
Teach him as if his entire existence depended on what you taught him today.
Do it, Gortus.
Show him how to kill.
Jace muscles were tight when he spoke.
His knuckles were white with anger.
Kilen had no idea why he was mad at Gortus, but did want know what would get him so upset.
Gortus simply nodded his head and returned to the blood ring.
Kilen almost lost the grip on his sword when he lost his magic again.
Flexing his hands and arms he readied himself for a hard day.
The clouds seemed to add to his feeling of the coming onslaught of sword strokes as they blocked out the sun and darkened the training yard.
Jace stomped out of the training yard, looking back twice with an angered red face.
Gortus did not wait to start.
Kilen head rang when he was struck on his temple.
His feet weakened underneath him but he managed to remain standing.
Raising his sword, he started to defend himself with a new found confidence.
The two wooden swords rang out as Kilen defended himself from the set of attacks that Gortus put out.
Overhead swings to underhand, left side, and then opposite.
Thrusting and feigning, the attack did not seize.
His defense did not either.
He met most with strength and a few caught him off guard.
Kilen had found his confidence and the emotions in his head were building on it.
He began to attack back a small amount.
Gortus was surprised but not dumb.
Kilen attacks were feeble because his lack of experience.
Gortus batted them away without much effort.
Gortus then took a step back and threw his black cloak out of the arena.
If you wish to fight, let us be on with it child.
You may move, if you think you are ready to walk.
I will not be easy on you.
Kilen moved to the arena edge and freed himself of sword and sheath, they would do him no good in this battle.
The Kapal smiled a vicious smile with pointed teeth as Kilen returned to the arena.
Then the rain started to fall.
The blood that splattered the ground would not stain the sand this day.
Gortus moved with a deathly grace, swaying back and forth.
Finding each weak spot he attacked and Kilen did his best to defend.
Twice Kilen fell backward into the sand and received strikes to his back as he tried to recover.
The two men exchanged blows with wooden swords that clacked loudly in the storm.
Lighting strikes lit up the field and showed cloaked recruits running from building to building about their day.
Everyone trained indoors instead of being victim to the storm.
Gortus and Kilen, drenched, fought on and ignored those around them running in the rain.
Thunder claps hid the sound of their wooden swords clashing in the training fields.
The addition of feet movement to the fight caused Kilen to go on the defense again.
His confidence wavered only for a small moment but was re bolstered when he realized he was holding his own.
Kilen made a few attempts to attack or to push Gortus back.
He felt as though Gortus was not pushing as hard as he could have been.
Kilen did not land any attacks but he did not receive any strikes either.
Once Kilen placed a foot outside of the rock ring lining the blood ring, and received a series of strikes to his upper body.
He knew then that Goruts was toying with him but he knew it was to push him to attack.
By the time Kilen realized what Gortus was doing the struggle was over.
Gortus simply turned and walked out of the arena.
Our time is done for the day.
We have pushed on too late.
Kilen could not see the sun to judge the time of day so he trusted whatever instincts Gortus had.
You had best hurry to the kitchen and find something to eat before you are late for your training with Alexander.
Once again, it would not do to be late on your first day training with a wizard.
Gortus restacked the wooden swords that were about the training yard and re cloaked himself as if it would keep him dry.
Kilen did the same and shivered as he realized just how wet he was.
Gortus stepped far enough away that magic returned to Kilen body.
He slipped on the wet ground when the sudden increase in strength made his foot push against it too hard.
He picked himself up and started to brush off the mud and sand.
Kilen was going to try and shelter himself from the rain, as he had seen Twilix do before, and latched onto the water vision.
The information he received was overwhelming to the senses.
He closed his eyes and took in every particle of water.
It soaked into the earth, his clothes, and permeated the air.
His vision could be pushed out farther than he had ever been able to see before.
He enjoyed the moment in the water and wondered if this was what it was like to be pure elemental.
Hold on to your thoughts, Kilen.
You are letting the water magic take over, Max warned him.
Kilen opened his eyes at the command and reigned in the vision.
Gortus was still a void where his vision could not touch.
He wanted to make sure he had his head about him and pushed the water out and away from his clothing, drying himself almost instantaneously.
He made a shelter by cautiously pushing the water away.
He made his way to the kitchen tents with what seemed like a bubble cut in half hanging above him.
When he arrived, he found trainers lounging about the tents and noticed three wearing hats almost identical to the ones that Bowie wore.
They sat alone and seemed to be in a very deep discussion so Kilen did not bother to ask them where they got their hats.
Leroy promptly showed up and gave Kilen a bowl of stew which Kilen dug into without much thought.
Wish I could keep dry like that.
Those ovens you made us work well except I have to stand in this downpour to use them.
He smiled and Kilen smiled back.
Well it did not seem to hinder your cooking ability, he said between bites.
He had not realized how hungry he was until he tasted the stew.
I heard what you said and did to Master Harvel.
He has not said anything or been near me all day.
I hope that it stays that way.
I am afraid that I was a little harsh on him.
I now know that he was just carrying out orders.
I should have known better than to trust someone other than you to prepare my food.
It is my fault really.
Kilen looked down to notice an empty bowl.
The stew had done little to satisfy his appetite.
It reminded him of the day in Basham when he had almost died from lack of strength.
He had eaten three full plates of food without stuffing himself.
He knew then that he had pushed himself too hard already that day.
Leroy simply nodded his head with a funny look on his face.
Well at least the storm is breaking.
You should be able to train some today.
Kilen laughed as a drenched Gortus walked through the tent, I have trained harder today than I ever have.
I just used magic to dry myself.
You are right on one account, I had better get to my next bit of training.
Kilen crossed the field but by the time he reached the far side the rain had stopped, leaving the ground wet with puddles.
Kilen did not see a single person walking around on the wizard training grounds.
He did not know if everyone was avoiding the weather or if there was a lack of new wizards to be trained.
Before he could fully finish his thoughts two figures dropped out of the sky.
He recognized one as the wind wizard, Alexander.
The second man was in his mid twenties, with light brown hair that hung down to his shoulders.
They were both dry and the young man seemed a bit tired or sick, Kilen was not sure which.
Good afternoon, Kilen.
We saw you coming so we thought we would come down.
This is Mica.
He has been training for about a half a year.
Wind wizards are becoming rare in this world.
We do not quite know why, but the voices have an idea, I think.
They just will not tell me Joahna snapped back, Could be cause you are all crazy as loons.
The two wizards were wearing gray and Kilen looked over their clothes from where he stood.
Good afternoon to you also, Alexander.
I am pleased to meet you, Mica.
Kilen held out a hand for a proper greeting and Mica took him up on it.
When he stretched out his hand, layers of clothing fell out around his arm.
He promptly tied them back with a sash before completing the grasp of Kilen hand.
Obviously you are wondering about our clothing.
For someone that has not had dealings with many wizards it is normal.
We use the flaps of clothing to catch the wind we create.
It lifts us in the air and allows us to float.
We also have specialized weapons that catch the wind to aid us.
Although, mostly we are used as messengers between nations.
It is a rather wondrous task, getting to float over the realms wilderness.
A lonely job, but a wondrous one.
Mica cleared his throat and snapped Alexander back to the task at hand.
Excuse me, where is my mind today.
Did you enjoy the showers.
I love spring rains.
It was very nice.
I was training with Gortus in the sword arena so I did not get to really enjoy it much, though.
Well Mica did very well at keeping it in one area for so long.
He a bit tired from the effort so I will be training with you instead of him, like I had planned.
Uhm, Mica created it.
I thought that only water wizards could make it rain, Kilen said and earned a clicking of the tongue from the wind wizard.
You underestimate the power of each element Kilen.
They all work together to make this world work.
For instance, there is water in the air right now.
The only way it stays in the air is because it is warmer than the water on the ground.
We call it evaporation.
As we cool the air so does the water in it.
Soon the water particles in the air will cling to each other and become too heavy to stay suspended in the air.
Then the water particles begin to fall in droplets called rain.
So you can see, all we have to do is cool the air and cause the water particles to come together.
Unfortunately, that takes a lot of wind and creating a lot of movement in the wind creates lightning.
When lightning crackles around you it can be a bit maddening, Alexander chuckled at his own joke.
Kilen was not sure the wizard was not driven mad before he came in contact with lighting.
Mica left to sit down on one of the boulders that littered the training field.
Yes, yes let us begin Kilen.
I have seen you fight Twilix, Mary, and I have seen what you can do with earth magic so we will not be using any flames today.
Use every other magic available to you, and remember how the elements work together in the natural world.
Alexander gave Kilen one nod and moved to make some distance between them.
Kilen readied himself for a new type of magic.
Brace yourself Kilen.
Max shouted in his mind.
Before he could do so wind caked with sand passed Alexander and hit Kilen head on.
The dirt and sand scrapped at Kilen face and hit his eyes.
Blind from the first attack, he opened himself to the water vision and found Alexander leisurely moving around him.
Water was everywhere and Kilen needed Alexander to stop moving so that he could attack him or close the distance.
Kilen began to push water from the puddles where Alexander was standing, and gathered it around his boots.
He then froze the water to the ground.
Alexander turned the wind to attack the ice which was building at his feet.
The wind scratched away the ice, moving sand at incredible speeds in the wind.
Kilen tried to rub the sand from his eyes with no improvement to his vision.
It hurt him to open his eyes so he knew he would have to finish the fight with the water vision.
He stood and made a large shield out of ice to hide behind from the wind and sand.
Sand did not hit Kilen but wind did.
He moved towards Alexander as wind pushed against his shield.
He lowered his body to dig his feet into the dirt.
The shield he had made was too large.
The wind hitting it drove him backwards and away from Alexander.
Kilen tried to freeze his own feet to the ground but suddenly the wind changed directions, pulling Kilen forward and throwing him on his face.
He slammed into the ground hard and saw that Alexander had freed himself from the ground and was now flying away.
Kilen tried to stand but the wind attacked from different directions, hitting Kilen from all sides until he ended up with the shield on top of him, pinning him to the ground.
He tried to push the shield up, but when he tried.
The wind lifted him and threw him around on the ground, using the shield and Kilen like a kite with no string.
Kilen struggled to keep himself upright and out of the wind harm, but finally he had to let his shield go.
Kilen gathered the water near himself to make a weapon that would pierce the wall of wind and immediately thought of an arrow, sleek and slim.
He formed an arrow of ice with little to no trouble only to be robbed of it by the speeding wind.
It flew around Alexander body and then returned, landing at his own feet.
Alexander had robbed him of his weapon and could have used it against him.
Think Kilen, you can do this.
The element is work together to form this world.
You must use them to together to attack or you will be beaten every time.
The wind was now a tornado with Kilen trapped in the middle.
He had to escape the wind in order to close the distance to attack Alexander physically, or had to use magic to attack him.
Kilen tried to gather water to himself to make a weapon or protection against the wind, but every time he started to gather some together the wind swept it into the tornado.
The tornado was ever growing in size and now added bits of ice and water to its mass as Kilen provided them.
He switched tactics and shifted the earth under Alexander to make a crack in the earth, but was surprised when Alexander freed the cloth on his body and used the wind to lift himself into the air.
He now floated around Kilen, cackling.
Kilen was running out of options but knew that he must not give up and must keep going so as not to disappoint his trainers.
He started gathering water outside the tornado, hoping to weigh down Alexander by clinging ice to his clothing, but again the water and ice was added to the cyclone.
The vortex was swirling with shards of ice that meant sure death to any that entered it.
With it growing with every attempt Kilen made to thwart Alexander attacks, he decided it would probably be better to just attack the tornado itself.
Kilen gathered some water to his eyes and opened them as far as he could.
The water splashed the sand from them so that he could see.
With renewed, pain free vision Kilen squinted in case of another attack on his eyes.
He focused on the water already gathered inside the vortex as it maintained its place around him.
He latched on to each particle or shard that he could with his mind and began spinning them in the same direction as the wind.
Soon all the water in the vortex was under his control again and was increasing its speed.
He needed to slow the rotation or stop it altogether.
Kilen focused his will and reversed the direction of all the particles of water.
It took a few moments but the water started to slow then stop within the wind.
Kilen brow was beading with sweat from the effort he was putting forth.
Then the water started to move in the opposite direction as the wind and dirt.
The particles collided and smashed against the sand, but still moved in the opposite direction.
The two vortexes struggled for control of movement and slowed at each other efforts.
Kilen noticed that Alexander had landed on the ground and was now focusing on the magic he put forth.
The hair on Kilen arms and neck started to rise.
Then a single flash of light broke Kilen concentration.
Thunder clapped and he realized that a bolt of lightning had freed itself from the struggle in the vortexes.
The concussion was different than the one in his head.
It lingered in his chest as he struggled to get a grasp on what happened.
It must have shaken Alexander also, for the wind now ceased.
Then he looked up at Kilen as he started to stand.
A blast of wind struck Kilen from the top, forcing him to kneel.
His magic enhanced strength should have helped but he had used most of his energy in the struggle to maintain control.
While kneeling, a second blast struck him in the chest as it came up from the ground.
It sent Kilen flipping head over heels into the air until he landed on his back.
The impact knocked the air out of his lungs.
He coughed and sputtered, trying to recuperate.
Alexander strolled by, ignoring Kilen who was lying on the ground and mumbled to himself.
Then he spoke, I have never seen that before.
Let us be off to the library, Mica.
He walked about ten paces before Mica whispered to him.
He turned still looking at the ground and spoke, Kilen, that is all for today.
Please make a better effort next time.
They both turned and walked away without as much as checking to see if he was uninjured.
Slowly he stood and tried to brush the dirt from his clothes, but realized that it was not just on his clothes but in them.
He would have to change into a fresh set.
It would probably take him the better part of a week to remove the sand from his ears, nose, and other crevasses.
He was glad that he was near his barracks and went inside to change.
He slowly removed his clothes and poured sand out of most of them.
He would wash himself down but he lacked the energy to summon an elemental or gather water for himself out of the air.
He knew that it was going to be a painful night searching for his mother in the city.
He decided that he should probably get to Leroy as soon as possible and maybe get a little extra to eat.
He hoped that it would at least restore some of his strength.
Fresh shoes and clothing seemed to help a little, but he knew it would not help to break in another new pair of shoes while leaping from rooftop to rooftop.
He put on his sand lined boots.
Jace said new boots was half the reason he keeps knocking tiles loose.
Jace met him at the barracks door and turned him around to go back into his room.
Get a pack and pack some things in it.
Things that you will need on the road a day of rations, half your gold, your bow for hunting, and if you have one, a map.
Kilen started packing, not understanding why he needed these things.
Unless Jace had found out his mother had left town and intended to chase after her.
What is going on Jace.
He stood still for a moment, turning a little redder at being questioned.
We are going to find your mother, like I promised.
Now pack your things.
Did she leave town.
Why do I need all this stuff.
We should be able to catch her on foot even if she was riding fast.
She will not have magic to aid her.
Jace tapped his foot for a moment trying to gather his words, I need you to look like a newly arrived traveler.
It will give us a reason to be looking for a woman in town.
Now, when we are looking if I should find out that she left town I will tell you the name of the town in which she is traveling towards.
You will drop everything and run to find her.
You will not turn back until you find her.
Do you hear me, Kilen.
You will not return to Deuterium until you find your mother.
Do not stop even if you have to travel all the way to Humbridge to do so.
Kilen nodded his head and Jace moved to help him pack.
Kilen struggled to put the pack on his shoulders after the day trials.
Jace noticed and poked around on Kilen body.
They pushed you too far.
You will not be full strength for a few days.
We will need to see Leroy before you He cleared his throat, Before we leave to search.
He pulled Kilen out the door and seemed to aid him in heading towards the kitchen.
They crossed the field quickly and found Leroy about to leave with dinner for Kilen.
They sat down and Jace checked over his weapons as Kilen ate.
Two plates went down fast and Leroy was all out of his special food.
He retrieved some of his dried meat and a couple tarts that he had made.
Kilen washed it all down with a mug of water.
Before he could bite into a tart Jace yanked him from the table.
Let us be gone, Kilen.
We have much city to search and not enough light in the day.
They quickly departed for the main gate which was unusual for Jace.
Kilen thought he always left through the side gate.
The guard at the gate stopped him from exiting, Purpose for entering the city, Master Jace.
We have a mission to perform before midnight Lieutenant.
One I was assured by the King shall be above all others.
We should be back before midnight.
With the last bit the lieutenant nodded and motioned for them to pass.
Kilen thought the exchange was odd, but trusted Jace judgment.
When they were far enough out of earshot of the guards Jace turned to Kilen in a hushed voice.
Rough times within the city walls.
Keep your eyes open and watch for anything.
There have been random attacks in the city and we are unsure who is conducting them.
If we see them we will run for the city walls in different directions.
I will find you on the wall and we will resume our search from there.
Kilen nodded his head in understanding.
He hefted his pack higher on his shoulders and followed Jace as he started a fast pace down the streets.
A few shops into their search Jace found a good clue that he would find the woman searching the market in the evening.
They immediately made their way to the market.
Kilen assumed his normal spot, laying face down on the tile roof while observing the comings and goings of the market.
Today Jace did not whittle, but instead seemed to watch all directions at once.
Kilen assumed he was watching for any sign of the trouble.
Kilen stretched his arms and fingers while watching.
The food seemed to be having an effect on his energy already.
He dropped the contents of one of Leroy tea bags into his water skin and took a drink.
Two black cloaked figures walked to the center of the market and then to the mouth of an alley way.
Kilen nearly fell off the roof when he saw them.
One was about the same size as his mother.
He scrambled back up the rooftop to meet Jace.
He seemed to be staring right into the hoods of the two figures.
Without looking away he spoke in a whisper, Kilen, you must listen to me now.
You are mother is here.
You have to go to her and get her out of the city.
You need to escape the realms of King Atmos.
Kilen started to ask why but was cut off by an upheld hand.
The king has ordered your death because you are threat to his kingdom.
He says it is because you are gaining in strength too fast not to have been trained to take him down.
Most of the veterans think that it is because you now have two marks on your blade and could one day take the Water Realm from him.
Go to your mother and get out of the realm.
I will follow you when I can.
Before you go you will answer one question true.
Tell me now, is your father alive.
II do not know, Kilen could not find the words to say anything else.
Very well.
We will find him later.
Go to her and get out of town, Jace scanned the roof tops as Kilen did as he was told.
He slid down the tile roof into the alley way and started to cross the market.
Before he reached the center it had dawned on him that Jace was sacrificing himself to help Kilen escape death.
Jace was defying the king by helping him escape.
Kilen approached the cloaked figures and saw his mother face smiling back at him.
In the other hooded cloak was a frustrated Izabel.
Hurry let us be out of the open, she waved them on further into the alley.
Kilen noticed smoke rising from a couple of streets over and then an excited Jace with swords drawn waving them on.
Jace will hold them off.
We need to get underground, Izabel started to walk down the alley with Sahera, but Kilen stood his ground, watching the man defying a king to save his life.
Soon arrows whizzed in from three directions and Jace knocked them away with a gust of wind.
Kilen jumped to the rooftop to get a better view of what was happening.
Four archers and two swordsmen were leaping from rooftop to rooftop trying to close the distance with Jace.
Vines latched on to the attackers at Jace command.
Some fell into alleys below as the vines stopped them in mid jump.
Kilen thought, this is what a real weapon bearer is, as he watched Jace fight on.
In his mind Max and Joahna screamed at him to move and run with Izabel and Sahera, echoing their commands in the alley below.
He could not.
He would not leave Jace behind.
Kilen strung his bow and knocked an arrow.
The first shot bounced off a rooftop and attracted the attention of one of the archers.
Kilen leaped closer and was able to get into range to use his magic.
He froze the string on archers bow and watched it snap when he pulled it back to return an arrow.
With magic strength he jumped into the archer, throwing him into the next roof over.
It did not withstand the impact as the man broke through the roof, crashing into the building below.
Jace heard the crash and turned to look at what had happened.
A man that had been thrown to the street below leapt to the roof behind Jace with arrow knocked and at the ready.
Kilen tried to warn Jace but it was too late.
Jace turned to receive an arrow into the chest.
He slumped onto the roof top, clutching the shaft sticking from his chest.
Joahna screamed in his head, SUMMON ME.
Without delay Kilen focused on his water skin and Joahna, the elemental, burst forth.
The ice hawk grew in size as it flew through the air.
The attackers panicked and started firing arrows at Joahna with no response.
Kilen made his way to Jace while the attackers were busy fighting an immortal bird.
He gurgled when he spoke, Run.
Jace eyes fell back into his head as Kilen held him, but his heart still beat on.
Kilen lacked the skills and the strength to heal such a deep wound but he probed the water in his body to see what he could do.
He felt the void that was the arrow tip.
It was barbed and would cause more damage coming out than going in, and it was stuck in Jace lung.
Kilen felt alone, and then he knew what he had to do.
He yelled out so that Joahna would hear him, I need to get to Twilix.
With what energy he had left he picked up Jace and moved as fast as he could from rooftop to rooftop towards the castle walls.
Joahna soaring in the sky attacked with blasts of ice and slicked roof tops to keep the attackers away.
Once on top of the castle walls he leapt down into the training grounds and made his way to the first guard he could find.
Where is Twilix.
He needs Twilix, he pleaded.
In the king courtyard, the guard said in a rush.
Kilen knew exactly where it was, but did not remember how to get there from inside the castle twists and turns.
He looked up and jumped from window to window until he was on the highest peaks of the castle walls.
When he found it, he jumped without regard to how he landed, then soon realized he had let the earth magic take control.
He was determined to save Jace life.
Joahna flew underneath him and saved him from falling the entire way.
The elemental hawk soared in a downward spiral until Kilen could leap off to the balconies surrounding the courtyard.
Kilen examined Jace once again and noticed that the arrow tip had moved farther into his chest.
He needed to hurry.
With one last leap Kilen landed in the trampled grass of the court yard.
The moment his feet landed Joahna must have left his elemental because a concussion hit his brain and Kilen blacked out.
When his eyes opened again Twilix was frantic and yelling at Captain Lorusk who was tugging at Kilen sword in his sheath.
The Captain slapped Twilix away then ripped the chainger from Kilen neck and freed his father blade from the sheath.
Kilen was not ready for the magic to be ripped from his body.
He had used too much during the day.
He succumbed to darkness.
King Atmos continued to read over reports with Brandon as they arrived at the great hall.
The Fire Realm King Rekkan had assembled a small army and was headed for the borders of the Earth Realm.
Specifically, he was headed for the Towers of Maltchet, the Earth Realm first defense against attack.
Wind bearers had been flying day and night to report movement, army size, and weapon reports.
Rekkan army grew in size every day it was marching.
Atmos knew by the time he reached the last of the Fire Realm towns his force would be quite formidable.
The doors at the far end of the great hall swung open.
Captain Lorusk and Champion Chit entered carrying an unconscious Kilen.
He hung limply while they carried him.
His feet drug on the ground while they walked.
Lorusk carried Kilen sword and rings on a chain in his other hand.
The king smiled at the sight of the men, but wondered where Jace was.
He probably did not want to spend any more time with the boy after having to kill him.
With Kilen out of the way the king could now spend time with the threatening Fire Realms forces.
They stopped at the king feet and dropped Kilen to the ground, who landed with a thud.
Where is Jace.
Captain Lorusk saluted before answering, Jace is dead at his hands my lord.
He dropped into the courtyard with your scout dead in his arms.
I stripped him of his sword and rings.
The King rounded the table to look Kilen over, Did he fight you.
My lord, he was exhausted of his energy.
I pulled his armor from him and he went unconscious without magic to keep him alive.
Twilix interfered and she gave him energy enough to keep him alive.
Good work.
Take him to the dungeon.
He will be executed in the morning for his treachery.
I will say that this has worked out better than it should have.
They picked up Kilen and started to carry him away when the great hall doors swung open again.
Twilix rushed through the doors.
Her cheeks were flushed as though she had been running.
Her brow was sweaty and her hair was sticking to her face.
Even though her features looked frazzled she looked agitated.
A few seconds later Mary, Calvin, Brent, and Alexander entered the doors looking slightly rushed.
Obviously Twilix had brought them all to the great hall to observe the king orders.
Atmos took a step towards the group of wizards entering the room and spoke in a commanding voice.
I summoned no council meeting.
I need no assistance here.
It was Calvin that spoke back to the king, If it involves a weapon bearer then it is a wizard matter and we need to be included in the dealings.
The king face grew red with frustration that his own advisor would talk back to him.
He is a traitor to this realm not to you.
It is a matter for the King of the Realm.
I am that king.
Now depart.
Calvin stroked his beard and spoke back with wisdom and authority, How is this man a traitor my king.
Did he admit it to you himself.
Did you witness his treachery.
The captain drew his sword and pointed it at the First Wizard throat.
Watch the way you speak to your king, wizard.
Calvin eyes narrowed as he eyes moved along the sword to the captains arms then his eyes.
He stared in silence into the captain eyes when a small pebble dropped from the ceiling and made a distinct sound as it hit the captain helmet.
As an advisor to the king I would give you some advice.
Do not point your sword at me unless you want to be as flat as the blade you hold.
The captain eyes shifted between the gray bearded wizard and the rest of the council standing behind him.
Atmos pushed in between them and lowered the captain sword.
Wait over there, captain.
I will consider what my advisor has to say.
The captain re sheathed his sword and moved as the King commanded.
Chit, with dark circles under his eyes followed like a trained puppy.
He always stood a pace behind and to the left of the captain.
I have the captain and the trainee here as a witness to his treachery.
Calvin looked back at Twilix who was turning redder in the face as she was not named a witness.
The king drew his attention to her and spoke, Wizard Twilix, I believe this to be a matter for my advisor and council.
I am afraid that I am going to have to ask you to leave.
She did not intend for her question to be answered and she should have been punished by the wizard council for interceding but she did not care.
Captain Lorusk had almost killed Kilen only moments before by ripping the magic from his body.
The event was fresh in her mind.
Mary smiled wryly, I think that she had better stay, my king.
I have had a pretty bad day and if this meeting is as unimportant as you say, wellif it turns badly, you had better keep her around.
Unless you want your beard singed off.
Mary winked at the captain, daring him to come after her.
After a second she added, Of course with the way you are talking to your council it would not surprise me if she did nothing to stop me.
Mary arched one eyebrow and waited for the king to respond.
Very well, it does not matter whether she goes or stays.
I am sure my chatty council would probably tell her as soon as the meeting was over anyway.
Kilen is to be executed at first light tomorrow.
There is enough evidence to see that he is guilty of this treasonous act.
Calvin stepped in again, You must have a trial in which you stand as judge.
That is what the wizard law states.
The king ground his teeth, The traitor is under my command and he will be tried as such.
Besides, he is not a weapon bearer yet and that means he does not fall under the wizard law needing a trial by your standards.
Brandon nodded to the King to tell him that he had it right.
Calvin answered back coolly, The blade was made by me.
That means I am responsible for its owner until such owner dies in battle.
Only at that point will the wizard lose responsibility for what he has created.
The sword in Kilen care was created by me, and passed from father to son, making Kilen my responsibility.
He IS under wizard law my king, and he deserves a proper trial.
Alexander, chiming up in the back, That is absolutely correct.
The law also states that if the realm king denies the trial that the employed wizard and council may depart the land with any and all weapon and armor bearers in their care to protect the magic from such king.
The wind wizard chuckled as if he had said a joke.
He muttered something under his breath when no one else laughed.
Frustrated, the king gave in to the wizards, Fine, we will have your trial.
It will only delay what is coming to him.
You have two days to gather your witnesses, and his execution will follow the day after.
Brent stepped forward, Two weeks is the customary length of time stated in the wizard laws, my king.
Atmos looked at Brandon who still stood at the reports table, reluctantly giving a nod verifying his brother words.
Frustrated, Atmos growled a response, Two weeks time to present him before the council.
Captain, move him to the dungeons and let us be on with this day.
Twilix ran to help Kilen as they lifted him from the floor.
No.
You all will stay away from him.
I am finished with your games and wizard rules.
He is my prisoner and will be kept as such.
You all will stay away from him.
Calvin spoke coolly to the King, I think that it would be prudent to allow your advisor to speak to him.
I should also be able to question him on the events today without taking a side to this matter.
Briefly, once and only once.
You will explain his charges and hear his story.
That is it.
Calvin bowed his head in acceptance and the Captain and Chit left the room carrying Kilen.
Once in the hallway, Twilix, Mary, and Alexander gathered around Brent to see what they could do to help.
We all know what the king motive here is.
He wants to eliminate every potential person from gaining another mark to become king of the Water Realm.
His earth magic misleads him in his plans.
Use that to help us.
First Wizard Calvin walked by the group and placed a hand on his son shoulder.
Well played my son.
I hope you will advise this council well, to protect the boy.
Brent stood straighter at the pride in his father voice.
He had never been the son to receive this from his father.
I have to stay neutral in this matter so be sure that you do.
He was brought here by your mistake and by that mistake you have placed his life on the line.
Use every resource you can.
Brent nodded and gathered the council in closely.
I need you all to work together to protect this boy.
None of this is his fault and we as wizards painted him as a target for the king by accident.
Mary, the king men fear you the most.
I need you to interfere with their investigation at all costs.
Find their witnesses and intimidate them.
Burn any evidence found and delay their progress by standing in the way.
Twilix, I know your emotions for this boy.
I need you to focus your effort in the books.
Find anything in the law books that will help to prove his innocence.
You will be representing him at the trial.
I cannot because I am on the king council.
My brother will provide the king with this knowledge so we must think ahead.
Alexander, I need you to try and find Kilen path where all this took place.
It ended in the noble courtyard so start your investigation there.
Let us hope that the boy did not learn his lessons in stealth too well.
They all nodded as Brent handed out assignments and looked at the situation from every angle.
I will provide for Kilen safety.
Gortus and Leroy seemed to be our only hope in keeping him safe from plots of the King.
Keep each other informed of what you find and speak to no one, including my father, about our doings.
Go now and do what you can to save the boy.
They nodded as Mary and Twilix started to chat about where to look for the proper books and how best to interfere.
Brent and Alexander went about their missions in separate directions.
A small white bird flew down the hallway and turned the corner after the captain and champion.
Gortus and Leroy sat at an empty table in the kitchen tents.
Gortus was going into great detail about all the types of food that he had not eaten lately.
He gave the most vivid descriptions that he could of the food, although he was not a cook.
He was born a warrior of his race.
Most of the Kapal recipes consisted of raw meat.
Leroy adapted each meal as most of the meat in this realm was not as fresh as what the Kapal race would eat.
He described tastes and smells so that Leroy would get his attempts to make it correctly.
Brent sat down next to the two men and they sat silent.
He did not come near them unless he had something important to do.
Something has happened and I need your help.
Gortus stood to leave the two to talk, but Brent caught his hand, I need you also, Gortus.
They looked into each other eyes, wizard and wizard assassin.
Slowly Gortus sat back down and waited for Brent to speak.
Kilen has been taken captive for treason against the king.
Gortus growled, What did he do.
His lips pulled back, displaying brilliantly white pointed teeth.
Quickly Brent answered, Nothing.
He then motioned with his hands that they should all be quiet.
He whispered just loud enough that they could hear him.
The king has made it look as though Kilen killed Jace.
I just saw them leaving for training in the city not two hours ago.
He could not have killed him that fast, Leroy was frantic.
It was his one job to protect Kilen and now he was being held prisoner as a traitor to the Earth Realm.
What can we do.
I will help however I can.
First things first, Leroy.
We are gathering evidence to prove his innocence in this matter.
I need you to quickly gather all his belongings and get them out of the castle grounds.
If the King men get ahold of his things they will make it look as though he was plotting this for a long time.
Clear out his room and get his gold out.
I need you to take his things and stay in the city until the trial is over.
Do not come back to the castle grounds until the trial is over.
Leroy nodded his head and jumped up to get started with the task.
Gortus, your only task is to keep Kilen alive.
We are certain that the king will use whatever means necessary to kill him before the trial begins.
Why do you think that I should perform this task.
Because he is your trainee and you made an agreement to see his training through.
Gortus nodded, grabbed the plate of food he was eating, and left for the castle doors.
Kilen noticed the intense pain first.
The pain in his head made the room swim and kept him on the brink of consciousness.
He kept his eyes shut at first, trying to keep from passing out again.
He did not know how many times he had come to consciousness and black again.
The room was cold, wet, and silent.
He would have liked to have something so peaceful in other circumstances.
It reminded him of sitting on the bank of the river outside of Humbridge listening to the autumn breeze.
He opened his eyes but it did him no good.
The room was black as the darkest part of night.
He started to wonder if he was alone in the room or not.
He began moving his fingers and his arms, and then Max spoke, Oh good.
You are alive.
We had been sitting in total darkness for so long that I thought we had all died.
I can feel you moving your fingers.
It is almost as good as being an elemental.
Kilen smiled at the thought and felt pain in his face, as though it had been it been scrubbed with a wash board.
Hello, is someone there.
Kilen recognized the voice, but did not understand.
He had made it to Twilix.
Hello, why can not I feel anything.
What kind of poison did you give me.
Kilen hurt too much to try and verify that it was indeed him, or to explain what had happened.
Max.
He said pleadingly.
Kilen, is that you.
Do not tell me they caught you.
I told you to run.
Now Kilen knew it was Jace.
Jace is the only one that had ever told him to run from his problems.
Only this was the first time the problem was too large to face down himself.
Jace, my name is Max.
What I am going to tell you will be hard to explain and hard to accept at first.
I will help you understand and I will help you learn the abilities that we still posses.
Jace became a knot of confused emotion in Kilen brain.
Jace, last night Kilen tried to rescue you by taking you to Twilix.
Unfortunately in his attempt you died along the way.
The arrow sank into your body deeper with every leap he made.
You arrived at Twilix moments too late.
Your body is dead, but your consciousness survived.
What kind of torture is this.
It will not work on me.
You can tell the king that I will not so easily succumb to his methods.
Jace went from being confused to determined and unshakable.
He was a scout even after he had died.
Max seemed to sigh in his head, Kilen, I will see if I can ease your pain, like I did when training in the first days with Gortus.
I will not be able to speak while I am concentrating so you have to do the explaining.
Soon the pain in Kilen body began to fade and lighten.
He could still feel the soreness of his muscles from a hard day sword training.
He flexed his fingers and checked his body for injuries.
His pant legs were torn open and his face was scraped and bruised, but for the most part everything would heal in the next few days.
His body was exhausted to the bone.
Max could do nothing for that.
Still lying still on the stone floor he spoke to Jace.
It is true Jace.
You died.
I am sorry.
I did all that I could do but I lacked the skill to heal your wound.
The arrow was barbed and my only hope was getting you to Twilix.
I failed you, Jace.
A moment of silence enveloped the room as Max held back the pain.
Jace held silent but went through a flurry of emotions.
If I am dead, then how can you still speak to me.
The question was a simple one, but not so simple to explain.
This is hard to explain, Jace so please listen carefully as I do not know how long Max can hold the pain away.
Kilen felt as if his breath was fogging the air in front of his face.
The room was cold and it was adding to the pain and sore muscles.
I am what we think is called a spirit wizard.
This is a non elemental wizard that can collect the spirits of those that die around him.
These spirits become a part of his consciousness, and something that he alone can hear.
Max is one of those spirits, as well as his brother Joahna.
You are now one of those spirits.
I have been a wielder for a very long time.
How is it I have never heard of such a wizard before.
From what we have found out, they are unsure that spirit wizards even exist.
There are stories of men claiming to be spirit wizards that could hear voices in their head, the voices of dead people.
Some said they were crazy, but some knew them to be true.
The spirit wizards would be able to tell intimate details of people lives that only the dead person would know.
Suddenly the room warmed up and became hot, steaming hot.
Kilen could feel the stiffness leaving his muscles, and let out a sigh.
Kilen heard scraping in the room, Kilen, perhaps I can help explain things.
The voice was Joahna.
Joahna, how are you not inside my head.
I do not have my sword or my rings.
Are you alive.
Joahna laughed a small amount, I am in a way.
When you hit the ground holding Jace, he died.
The shock of him entering your mind must have cause you to go unconscious, as it has in the past.
When that happened I still remained in elemental form.
Soon after, Captain Lorusk took your imbuements and left you to succumb to your debt to magic.
I still remained.
I cannot explain it, but I was too scared to let go of this form less my spirit be destroyed trying to re enter your mind.
Joahna reached down and placed an icy hand on Kilen chest.
Soon all the pain faded from his body.
Sore muscles were mended and cuts and scrapes disappeared from his face and knees.
That should help some.
Max let the pain return to Kilen body, but there was none to return.
Kilen was still exhausted and even more so now that his body used its energy to heal.
Kilen succumbed to sleep.
Unsure how long had passed or what had happened since he fell asleep, Kilen tried to move again.
His stomach growled loudly.
The sound echoed off the walls.
He now knew the room was small.
Max spoke again, We are here, and so is your food.
It is just to your left.
You need to eat to regain your strength.
Concentrate on that and we will wait.
Kilen had already started to ignore Max before he was told.
He had only one focus, the food on the floor.
He rolled and with much effort found the food.
When he found that he did not need to chew the gruel he was half pleased.
The food had a rotten taste but Kilen swallowed the lumpy concoction.
He thought he was wasting more energy keeping the food down than actually eating it.
With his face in the now empty bowl, he fell asleep.
This time he was sure that he had only been asleep a short time, before he rolled back onto his back and fell asleep once again.
The recovery of his energy made Kilen lose track of time.
In this dungeon Kilen had no way of telling what time it was or even if the sun was up.
He began thinking of Kara having to endure this same treatment every day since arriving.
It was too much to bear.
Kilen imagined Kara alone in the dark room day in and day out, unaware of what time of it was, and with no one to talk to.
Kilen, Jace spoke intently, I know it is you now.
I remember seeing Kara brought to the dungeons the day that you arrived.
She is not alone in a dark room.
Mary visits her and she is brought better meals than this or she would burn down the castle.
I see now that maybe this is not some kind of torture.
I am not hungry or in pain from my wounds.
I see only things that you imagine.
I feel your feelings and the feelings of the one named Max.
My questions is, what do we do now.
Kilen thought about the question, I will do what I promised to do.
I will protect my sister by being in the king army.
I will do my best to return you all to your bodies if there is a way.
I will make my father proud of the weapon bearer I have become.
Jace laughed in his mind, I meant, what do we do about getting out of this dungeon.
Kilen thought about that question for a little while before answering.
I do not know, but I am sure that Joahna will be able to help us somehow.
Joahna voice filled the small room as he spoke, I have already started helping.
How are you feeling now, Kilen.
I think that I can sit up if you help me.
Kilen sat up and put his back up against a wall to prop himself up.
Now, we have to find out what is going on outside.
Then we will get word to our friends to help get me out of here.
Joahna filled the room with steam, heating it.
Kilen did not even know that he was shivering until the steam soaked the cold from his body.
I have plans already in the making, Kilen.
I followed you the day of Jace death and heard everything that has transpired.
You are to be in a trial to determine your guilt of being a traitor for murdering Jace.
What.
I did not kill Jace.
Those men did.
Joahna calmly replied, We know that.
Twilix, Brent, Gortus, Alexander, and even Calvin knows the truth.
Remember that this is all a scheme to get the blade from you.
The king will stop at nothing to insure that you do not become a weapon bearer.
Kilen head hung down.
He had tried to do what was right for his sister.
He would have to pay the ultimate price to see it through.
I have set things in motion to aid in your defense at the trial.
What did you do.
Kilen was unsure how Joahna would be able to help him at all.
No one would recognize Joahna for who he was.
I have been traveling around this castle in many forms, a rat, bird, mist, and even a spider.
In my travels I was able to acquire some ink and a piece of paper.
I flew as a bird and landed on Leroy shoulder.
The note I wrote him said simply this find Izabel.
She is a witness.
Izabel was there and saw Jace take an arrow to the chest and saw that it was not you.
She can witness at your trial and find other witnesses that were present.
If Leroy can find her, we stand a chance at winning your defense.
Kilen nodded his head as much as he could.
In the meantime, Twilix is researching law to be your defense at the trial.
Alexander is investigating the path you took bringing Jace to Twilix, and where the murder happened.
Brent is coordinating the efforts and has Gortus watching the entrance to the dungeon to keep you from being murdered.
Let us hope that they all succeed with their tasks, Kilen said while lying back down on the stone floor.
He was slowly regaining his strength but still he could barely keep awake during the conversation.
He again slept on the floor until Joahna would wake him to eat.
Captain Lorusk marched, stomping through the training grounds in search of Bowie.
His next task was to make sure the arrow maker stayed under his thumb.
He walked up on the archery range where John Curtain was supposed to keep him under control.
It was quite elegant.
The boy did not get any rank and he trained a superior set of archers for the king army.
They would be much needed if king Atmos was going to war with the Fire Realm.
Lorusk arrived at the range and began to look around.
There were over fifty new recruits wearing black hats.
Each hat had a feather stuck in it, pinning the side of the hat up.
The feathers were of almost every shade of color, but most were the natural brown of a hawk.
He spotted John and made his way across the training field, but John noticed him and came running to him.
He skidded to a stop and saluted at five paces away.
Others stopped what they were doing and saluted also.
At least this bunch was well trained in proper respect for an officer.
He saluted and they all lowered their hand and went back to training.
Where is Sergeant Crescent.
Sir, he is in classes to prepare for graduation, John gulped after speaking.
Come with me, Corporal.
Lorusk walked a small distance away to speak to John outside of earshot.
He did not want anyone to hear the plans they had for arrow maker.
You are orders were to keep him from going to class.
Why is he in class and what is going on with all the black hats and feathers.
John was unsure which to answer first, Master Crescent was overwhelmed with training just as he was supposed to be.
Then I came by one day and he had given two of the recruits black hats and made them trainers.
The next time I looked around each recruit that had passed archery training got a black hat with a brown feather.
Oh really.
And you thought it would be a good idea to let new recruits train other recruits.
No sir, well not at first.
I tested some of them myself, and they are better than me.
Each one with a color feather is of some sort of unofficial rank by skill.
Lorusk looked the man up and down and saw that his feather was green with a single yellow stripe across it.
What does your feather indicate.
The green means that I have actual rank in the army.
The gold stripe means I am a corporal.
The others have color feathers until they graduate, and then they will get a plain green feather until they obtain rank.
Master Crescent also said that if we participate in a battle we are to dye a single feather barb gold.
That will allow others to know the veterans from the new.
Lorusk stalked towards the recruits on the range and then turned to John, Which are the trainers.
The red feathers, sir.
He shouted because the captains voice startled him.
He was not sure if he was in trouble or not for allowing this to happen.
The captain approached the first red feather and grabbed him by the sleeve, pulling him to the last mark on the range.
Others cleared out of their way when they stopped at the mark.
Fire three shots from here.
Show me that you know what you are about.
Yes, sir.
The young boy strung his bow and quickly fired three shot from the distance.
All three landed in his target.
The captain seemed to stare at the targets trying to see any deficiency in the training.
He could not find one by what he had seen.
Resume your training, and keep up the good work.
The recruits spirits seemed to be lifted by the Captain words.
They immediately started releasing arrows with more intensity than they had before.
He turned to John, Why did you let this happen.
You were under strict orders.
My lord, after it had been done I could not go back without letting Master Crescent know something was amiss.
The captain nodded and looked around the range.
Make sure that they keep those hats clean.
It will not do if they look like country woods children parading as soldiers.
If they keep them clean, they will look the part even if they can not shoot straight.
Yes, sir.
I will see to it personally.
Corporal where is Master Crescent now.
I think he is still with lieutenant McClanahan in battle strategy.
The captain nodded and Curtain saluted back.
Lorusk knew exactly what room the strategy class was in and headed straight there.
When he entered the room most of the class was reading near the back of the room.
The boy wearing a pristine black with the brilliant green feather bearing two gold stripes standing over a map.
Excuse me lieutenant, can I speak with your student alone.
We were right in the middle of an interesting discussion.
Perhaps you would care to offer your opinion.
No, I have already wasted enough time trying to find the boy.
If I might have a moment alone.
It was not a question but an order.
He tilted his head and moved away from the table that had a city map lain out.
I have students reading in the back that I must attend anyway.
Good day, sir.
The lieutenant met Bowie eyes as if to say, you are in a strategy test now, speak wisely.
Bowie saluted the captain and waited for him to speak.
You have done surprisingly well with the training.
My HAT is off to you for training such a fine group.
I was hoping that you would see to their training personally.
Bowie cleared his throat, Thank you sir for the compliment.
The recruits that came seemed to be already good at using a bow.
I just gave them a few small adjustments to their style.
Once I had trained some it was easy to get them to help train others.
I hope that what I did does not displease the king.
Well the king has not heard of it yet, but I am sure that there will be no problems.
Hats are less expensive than chainmail for the archers.
You might even receive another promotion for your strategy.
Of course that will have to wait until after your friend trial.
Being associated with a man that committed murder does draw suspension from the king.
Excuse me sir, I do not have any friends going to trial.
Unless Chit murdered someone.
In that case he not really a friend.
He more like a person that was born in the same realm as me.
Oh, I am sorry.
You must not have heard.
Kilen is in the dungeon for killing one of the king scouts.
He brought his trophy right to my feet and dropped him on the ground.
I had to forcibly take his weapon and armaments from him to prevent any other murders.
Bowie was so shocked that he did not know what to say.
If Kilen truly committed this murder, than he did not know his friend at all.
Bowie then thought about Kara.
He had promised that he would take care of her.
She was like a sister to him.
I am sorry to have to tell you the news.
I thought that you would have known.
What can I do to help, Sir.
I do not think that Kilen could kill anyone.
I thought that you said he killed two fire wizards while traveling here.
Perhaps he acquired a thirst for battle and blood.
Either way I do not think that you should do anything.
If someone comes to ask, simply tell them you do not know anything about the murder and that you do not want to take place in the trial.
Bowie slowly nodded and started to open his mouth but Lorusk cut him off, I do not know what that fire wizard sister of his would do if she did not have you to pay for her training here.
I would hate to see such a pretty thing starve to death.
The captain knocked his gloved hand on the table twice, Well, it seems I have stayed longer than I should have.
I have to be off to train the king champion.
Keep up the good work and think on what I said about your friend.
Bowie nodded and then saluted the captain as he departed the room.
She sat quietly in her room practicing with the flames of the candle, adjusting the size of the flame smaller and larger.
Keeping the candle from melting too fast was the hard part.
She had to constantly direct the heat away from the wax and up to the ceiling.
It had been a couple days since her emotions had gotten the best of her.
Now at lunch and dinner she had someone to talk to.
Keeping calm was worth it when you got to speak to someone other than yourself.
It was almost lunch time and she was getting anxious about talking with someone.
Chris and Ben had brought a flower in a metal vase for Kara yesterday and she had managed to keep from destroying it.
She had not touched it or the vase just in case she might accidently.
It reminded her of the flower bushes she helped her mother tend back in Humbridge.
Chris and Ben had complimented her on the progress she had made.
They had not seen anyone that could keep from attacking their guards within two months of confinement.
She took great pride in that, and tried to improve every day.
She hoped that soon she would be able to control herself enough that she would be able to eat with them in the sunlight.
Kara was tired of living by fire light.
Keys rattled in the door lock and Kara sat down on her mattress, waiting for Ben and Chris to enter the room.
She had no trouble controlling herself when they entered now.
The two men were always polite and tried not to make any movements to startle or offend her.
Miss Kara.
she heard Chris ask from around the door.
Come in, I am fine.
Can you bring extra water for my flower.
We already did, my lady.
They brought two stools in and a small stand for her meal.
Chris held the shield in front of him with the tip resting on the ground.
He did not hide behind it like he had the first day.
Now she knew what they looked like, and she took pleasure at seeing Chris smile.
They patiently waited as Ben filled the vase and washstand and brought in a covered food dish and water pitcher.
Ben had taken to wearing a black hat with a green feather in it.
He wore it every time she saw him in the last two days.
Finally they took a seat on the stools and left the door open so they could exit quickly in case Kara allowed herself to become upset.
Kara picked up the tray with the food and uncovered the dish to find a light soup with a couple rolls of bread.
It was a meager meal, and the smallest that she had received since starting to eat with the men.
It mattered little.
The two men started talking about how the soldiers could not leave the castle grounds now that someone had killed one of the king scouts.
They explained about random attacks being committed in the city and arsons on buildings in town.
She could tell that they were clearly upset about not being able to leave the castle grounds.
None of the discussion mattered to Kara.
She just enjoyed hearing someone else speak.
She was alone and it was quiet all the time in the cell.
The isolation made her long to hear other voices.
Suddenly Mary stepped through the open door.
Chris and Ben stood up as fast as a lightning strike.
Ben bumped the washstand and the vase and flower fell to the ground.
Chris raised his shield in reflex and Ben ducked behind him.
Kara knelt down and placed her hands into the water, trying to save the flower.
She Carefully picked it up and placed it in the vase.
A small roll of paper laid against the wall where the flower had landed.
She left it alone and placed the vase back on the washstand.
Mary looked at the two men then looked at Kara, Get out.
Quickly and without a word they gathered the stools and the tray and dishes.
Kara very much wanted them to stay and talk and started to get a little agitated at the thought that Mary might not let them return.
She closed her eyes and took deep breaths while trying to calm herself.
Kara, I am going to speak to the gentlemen out here in the hallway a moment.
Take the time to compose yourself.
When you are ready, call and I will come back in.
Mary closed the door behind her as she left.
It did not take long for Kara to calm herself.
She told herself that she does not even know what Mary was going to say.
The situation could result in more privileges.
After regaining her composure she rushed to the wall where the small wax covered scroll still lay.
She made her hand hot and the wax melted away, leaving the small paper scroll.
She unrolled it and immediately recognized Bowie handwriting.
No matter what happens, I give you my word that I will let no harm come to you.
She read the note aloud to herself twice more before rolling up and sticking it in a crack in the wall.
It was the first thing that she had heard from Kilen or Bowie since arriving.
It warmed her heart.
She felt that nothing could set her mood aflame.
She wished that she had checked the vase sooner.
She would have been in a much better mood for the day.
She started to smooth down her dress and remembered that she was wearing the leather outfit that Mary had given her.
She put her hands down to her side and called out that she was ready.
Mary entered the room and placed one hand on her hip.
It seems that you are doing rather well.
These men told me that you have spent every meal with them in your room conversing.
Kara still did not know whether or not she was happy about the progress.
She did not want to get them in trouble.
She had to take a deep breath at the thought.
Then she was reminded of the note and smiled at Mary.
Well well, it does seem that you have progressed.
Perhaps we should do a little test then.
Men, clear out the room.
I would hate for anything to get damaged during her test.
Ben cleared out the room as Chris held the shield at the ready.
It did not take long for the few objects she had earned to be stripped from her.
She barely held her composure as she watched every item slowly disappear behind the door.
Mary closed the door behind them and waited for it to be locked from the outside.
Once that was complete she turned back to face Kara in the black room.
The candle was still lit, but placed in the corner.
The shadows cast across Mary made her seem more vicious and unforgiving.
Slowly Mary approached Kara and stood so close that their feet interlocked like the teeth on a clock gear.
Ever so slowly Mary arms enveloped Kara in a gentle embrace.
Kara thought that it could have been the warmest hug that she had ever gotten.
Then she realized that fire wizards were warmer than others and knew it was the warmest hug she had ever received.
Mary pulled away and there were tears in her eyes.
What is wrong, Mary.
Mary put her arms on Kara shoulders, I am sorry I must tell you this in a way that you will be able to hear me before reaching inferno, so listen carefully.
He is innocent.
The statement made the note that Bowie had written her leap to the front of her mind.
He had said no matter what happens, I give you my word I will let no harm come to you.
The wizards council is doing their best to prove his innocence.
I need you to remember who the real enemy is.
She pointed to the holes in her dungeons ceiling.
Your brother is being tried for murder.
It took only a moment for Kara to comprehend what Mary was telling her and when she did an inferno erupted.
Kara body could not be seen in the white hot flames that filled the room.
Mary laid down on the floor near the door and began absorbing the heat as fast as she could.
Still the amount of fire being produced by Kara was overwhelming her.
She had to use the energy that was being emitted by the flames to redirect some of the heat towards the ceiling.
On the other side of the door Ben and Chris were franticly calling out to either of the women inside.
Mary felt water streaming under the door in their attempt to keep it from melting off the hinges.
She opened her eyes long enough to see that it was glowing orange from the heat.
Mary called out to them to stop and told them everything was fine.
The two men seemed to be more concerned with Kara as they continued to call out to her.
Kara flames died out almost as quickly as they had come.
Mary barely got off the floor fast enough to catch her from falling.
She had used every ounce of energy in her rage.
Kara had even managed to burn off the leather clothes that they both wore.
Drawing heat from the door she made it cold enough for the men outside to use.
She told them to hand in two sets of leather.
Mary first dressed herself and then dressed Kara.
She knew that the castle would be in a frantic state trying to combat the damage that Kara had done the injuries to staff that were standing too close to vents.
Paintings, tapestries, and curtains burned.
Bathing tubs boiled over.
Food burnt in ovens.
She smiled, it would take days to clean up the mess that Kara had created in moments, days that Mary would be able to wreak more havoc to the king comforts and missions.
The ultimate point in doing this task was to regain energy from the heat that Kara put off.
Mary was so full of magic she would be able to provide days worth of pranks and intimidation where ever she wanted.
She left the room and found Ben and Chris running out of the hallway leaving a trail of evaporating water.
Other doors were glowing bright orange in the hallway, behind each of which contained another prisoner fire wizard.
Kara had cause a chain reaction of the wizards in the hold.
Mary laughed at the amount of damage she knew would have been caused by these wizards in addition to Kara.
She walked through the smoke filled halls of the castle enjoying the panic that came from every direction.
Soldiers with cloth wrapped faces ran with buckets of water.
Officers shouted orders, and recruits carried workers and servants from the rooms.
She exited the castle to find a row of injured people being looked over by healers and water wizards.
Twilix and Brent were among those that were helping.
Both stood from their kneeling positions.
Mary smiled at them.
They both nodded in return in understanding what had happened.
It would be a busy day of mischief for the king.
Mary work was only beginning.
After a few meals Kilen was able to start waking himself to eat, and soon was able to sit up and remain awake for a bit of conversation.
More meals came and Kilen ate, and with Joahna help, stood.
The cell was small, only two paces across, just enough to lie down stretched out from corner to corner.
More meals came and Kilen consumed.
He could stand on his own and remain awake for the large portion of the day.
When he could do this, Jace and Max began pushing him to exercise and practice sword stances.
I cannot.
Gortus would always attack me.
I would just react, and that is how he was training me.
Besides, I have no sword to practice with.
Kilen was depressed and still had much resting to do.
You need to train.
If the trial goes badly you will have to fight your way out of this realm.
Joahna can help as long as he remains in elemental form.
Max pushed at his mind from inside, steeling him to the task.
Stand up, Joahna said in the darkness.
I think I understand what they want you to do.
Remember how Max tried to help you by showing you visions of the attacks.
Max and Jace can do that now.
I am of no help with a sword.
Your skill already exceeds mine.
Kilen gave in to the pleadings of the three men.
He laboriously stood and held out his hands to start.
He felt the freezing cold in the palm of his hand and grabbed on to what seemed to be an ice rod.
He used his other hand to feel a blade made of ice which was forming in his hand.
He now had a weapon to fight with.
Max started to push images into Kilen mind.
He reacted slow but with as much speed as he could muster.
They said nothing of his speed, but instead they talked of how he could have done better.
Kilen sometimes connected with the wall in the cell, shattering the ice blade.
He heard guards in the hallways and the blade turned to mist in his hands.
Immediately he dropped to the floor and feigned sleep.
Kilen got a warm sensation in between his legs and water trickled to the floor.
The lock turned and the guards entered the room with a lantern.
By the Brights, he soiled himself again.
Fetch him a set of clothes to change into when he wakes, one guard said as he looked for the reason for a noise.
The second returned with a fresh set of clothes.
Leave it.
He can change himself when he is able.
You had better bring his evening meal and put extra in it.
The king wanted him talking by now.
If he is still soiling himself we better increase his food for energy.
The second guard shuffled out and returned with a warm bowl of gruel and a piece of bread.
The bread smelled delicious.
Kilen held still despite of the grumblings of his stomach.
The pair of men found nothing by lantern light and began searching the rooms next to him for any activities.
Kilen ate the contents of the bowls and Joahna evaporated the wet spot he had created to get Kilen more clothes.
The clothes provided little comfort against the stone floor, but made great protection for Kilen hand when holding an icy blade.
Meal after meal Kilen spent in the dark, preparing for what would come next.
He would be declared innocent or he would fight for his life.
Leroy had slept little in the last two weeks, and it was now coming down to the final hours before Kilen trial.
He still had not found Izabel.
Using the gold that Kilen had given him, he stored all of his belongings and horses at an inn on the outskirts of town.
He had gotten out of the castle grounds moments before the king decreed that no one could enter or exit.
Sleeping for two or three hours at a time, he would search the city asking for Izabel.
Leroy had started his search at the herbalist shop.
He watched its doors for three days with little sleep before giving up.
He then started asking around town about the best herbalist and found many people would know her by name and would tell about her shop.
Some would know her personally and try and describe where she could be found outside of her shop.
A few claimed that she would normally be seen with a girl playing a flute.
They thought it was her sister.
When he found a girl playing the flute he knew something strange was going on.
He watched as the girl played her flute on a street corner and a man accused her of the girl brother robbing her.
She claimed to have no brothers or sisters, and the guards let her go.
He watched as little boys continued to come from different directions and put money in a mug at her feet.
Leroy was desperate and did the only thing that he could think of.
He walked up to the girl and asked her what her name was.
She looked up at him quizzingly, My name is Tasha.
Is there something I can play for you.
Leroy squatted in front of her mug and took a gold crown out of his vest pocket.
I would rather get a bit of information from you, and I am needing it in a hurry.
What information I can give you would not require a donation such as that, but I will pretend like it is a copper instead.
She snatched up the mug as soon as the coin fell in.
I am in desperate need of an herb that is very rare.
It is called a Kilen.
I am sorry I do not know about any such herb, I know how to play the flute.
If you want to find an herb you should visit Izabel shop.
Leroy cheered inside.
He was getting good at find the answers he wanted without asking.
Izabel shop, eh.
Where would I find this Izabel.
Well I am going to see her tonight but she has been bed ridden.
Perhaps I can ask her where you can get some and come back to meet you.
Leroy was very close.
He could not mess this up, for Kilen sake.
Perhaps you could take me to her.
It is very urgent that I find some of this herb.
A man has become afflicted by a mishap with a scale snake.
I need the herb before the man dies.
I am afraid that he has only hours to live.
Tasha put the flute in a long black case and strapped it to her back and poured the mug of coins into her coin pouch.
I will go to her now.
Is there anything else I should know about this herb.
Maybe, which part you need or how much.
No, just what I have told you.
If she knows of the herb I am sure that she will help me if she can.
I would like to go also, if I can.
She is taking no visitors, but I will return to this spot before the sun sets to answer you.
He could not just let this girl run off with his gold without being sure that he got what he sought.
If you return to me within the hour I will give you two more crowns.
I will give you one more if you come back even if she does not know the answer.
Hurry please.
A man life hangs in the balance.
She curtsied and pranced down the street.
Leroy was tempted to follow, but did not want to scare the girl.
If the thief girl really knew Izabel then she would at least get the message.
If not then he was sure he would not see his money again.
He had some time to pass and had not eaten a proper meal in almost two weeks.
It was a quick piece of cheese and bread at one inn.
A half a bowl of stew until he found another clue to where the herbalist might be.
He found the closest inn and sat down for a piece of duck and bread.
Leroy sat a table with a window that faced the market so he could see if Tasha returned.
The sun seemed to hang in the sky, as he impatiently waited for the girl to come take him to Izabel.
When he finished eating he sat back down on the corner of the street that the girl had disappeared down.
He waited for her to come back and started to sharpen his knives.
Before long he heard a giggle from behind, and he looked over his shoulder.
Tashsa stood with her flute case strapped to her back.
She asked if you were fond of knives.
Come on.
She will not want to be kept waiting.
Leroy stood and put his knife inside the pocket he pulled it from, She wants to see me then.
The girl giggled, She said that she needed to know more about your friend to be able to tell you how much you need.
Follow me.
Leroy raised a hand telling her to lead the way, and Tasha skipped down the streets.
They wound through the streets, taking many more turns than necessary to make him confused.
The girl had done this before, or was very well trained.
Leroy tried to keep his eyes on the castle so he could keep track of what direction he was facing.
He looked up to find the towers of the castle and ran into Tasha, who had stopped in the middle of the street.
He knocked her over with his momentum, and she looked very agitated.
He held out a hand and offered her an apology.
Tasha stood on her own, wiped off her clothing, and pointed to a cellar door in the alley they had stopped in.
She is in there, good luck, she smiled and skipped out of the alley.
Leroy did not feel right about the cellar and wondered if the girl had set him up for a trap.
He checked the blades on his body and found one missing.
The girl had made him run into her on purpose.
One more lesson from his father he should have listened to a bump in the city means an empty pocket.
He knew there was no use going after the girl, so he decided to check out the cellar anyway.
He kept his blades at the ready and placed his ear against the door.
He heard nothing so he grabbed ahold of the handles and pulled the doors open.
When nothing jumped out at him he looked about to see if anybody had seen him acting paranoid.
He re sheathed his blades and crept down to the bottom of the stairs.
Two sturdy oak doors with strong iron latches remained closed and locked at the bottom.
He knocked twice on the door and waited.
A deep voice from the other side of the door answered, Password.
Tahsa did not say anything about needing a password.
Leroy panicked and said the only thing that came to mind, Uhm, it is me.
Shut the doors, the deep voice said.
Leroy checked his knives one more time and turned up the short staircase.
Pulling the ropes on the inside of the doors, he pulled the doors closed with a loud bang.
As soon as the doors closed Leroy was cast into darkness and yanked by two sets of thick arms from behind.
He struggled to breath.
Arms squeezed hard around his throat, threatening to crush his windpipe.
He scrambled to pull the arm away from his neck and suddenly remembered he had his knives.
Reaching into his vest he, pulled them free and they were immediately knocked away by the second set of arms.
He always planned on that, and always had a second set ready.
Pulling the knives from his sleeves, he cut furiously at the darkness and both sets of arms released him.
He backed up and found the wall.
A lamp was brought into the room and illuminated the two hulking men, each checking their wounds.
They grabbed their clubs and started to swing violently.
Leroy rolled out of the way and felt the rock from the wall pelt his back from where their clubs landed.
Stop.
a familiar voice commanded from behind the lantern.
The two men did not back away from Leroy, who was crouched in the corner with blades in hand.
He was ready to pounce hard but was still trying to catch his breath.
One of the men put his hand up on the wall trying to steady himself, and soon the second put his back to the opposite wall Leroy was on.
What poison did you put on your blades Leroy Bradley.
He took a couple more breaths before answering, Leetir leaf root.
Izabel laughed, and took a couple steps forward and examined the shallow wounds Leroy had inflicted.
Tasha, come take the boys outside for some fresh air.
Do it quickly now before they empty their stomachs and we all need fresh air.
They will be just fine in an hour or so.
Tasha came from behind Izabel and ushered the men outside.
Just as Tasha got the two men to the top of the stairs Leroy heard one start retching into the alley.
He smiled as he stared into Izabel eyes while still crouching in his corner.
The first time we met you could not take your eyes off my chest, and now I do not get so much as a glance.
You really are on a mission.
With the mention of her cleavage Leroy glanced down and looked back up.
His face would have flushed but he had already ensued a struggle for that, so he showed her his teeth as wide as he could.
Well I am glad that is over with.
Now, what is so important that you need to speak with me.
She moved her fingers as if saying , follow me, as she moved deeper in the room and up a set of stairs.
Kilen is being tried for murder, Leroy said while keeping his distance as he followed her up the stairs.
Why do you need my help.
Or should I ask why should I help him.
The last I heard from him he sent by a messenger telling me to get out of town until he finished his training as a scout.
At the top of the stairs Leroy noticed that the room had no doors, only a staircase leading up and one leading down.
The room had two windows that looked out but they were boarded shut.
I do not know anything about that.
He told me to stay away from you also, but I received a note from one of the wizards in the castle saying that you were a witness to this murder.
Oh, I was a witness, but Kilen did not murder anyone.
Justin, the same messenger that he sent me, was shot with an arrow by some of the king army.
They were hooded and cloaked but their boots and clothing said that they were the king men.
So you were a witness to a murder that an innocent man is being charged for, and you will not tell the truth to the king.
I asked, why should I.
He came to my town, and told me I had to leave.
Then this messenger brings his mother to my door and pleads for me to help find him, like he did not know who Kilen was.
When we do, we get to see a murder and I have to send his poor mother out of town, before harm befalls her.
He has been a nuisance to me since he has arrived.
She came closer to Leroy and ran a finger up his vest, What I was asking is, what is in it for me.
Leroy swallowed hard before answering.
My father gave me the task to protect and help Kilen in any way I could.
I will give you whatever you want to help him.
She smiled at him and sat in the only rocking chair in the room.
Then I name my price.
I want you to pay me proper respect as a woman before you lay your perverted eyes on my chest.
You will do this by taking me out to lunch, a picnic or a fine inn, does not matter, perhaps a dance or two.
After that you will be able to lay your eyes on my chest for a moment.
That is what I require, a proper date before an improper look.
Leroy was confused by her proposition, You want me to court you, and then look at your chest.
This is what you require to witness at Kilen trial.
I set the cost, Mr.
Bradley.
Take it or leave it.
Oh I agree, I would have agreed without you needing to witness.
She smiled a devious smile and held out a hand.
He reached out to grasp it, and Izabel pulled it back to spit in her palm before clasping his.
Do not be so sure that you have made a good deal.
She pushed her chest up with both hands, Leroy glanced down at the moment.
An improper look Mr.
Bradley, that is two dates that you owe me.
I will warn you that I am not a cheap one to court.
Remember that when you ask me proper.
She moved to go up the stairs holding, her skirt up so as not to trip.
I trust you know the way out.
I have a lot of work to do to save this friend of yours.
Leroy smiled and bowed to the herbalist heading up the stairs.
His task had been completed, and it was done with added perks.
Sincliar was not large enough to hold the Fire Realm army.
King Rekkan had not planned on so many men coming to join his army.
He was sure that the city would have collapsed if he had not moved his army into the Earth Realm borders.
His army now stood a little less than forty three thousand men, both old veterans and young recruits.
The army had swelled and they lent each other a hand wherever needed.
The land had turned from rock to sand and now clay.
He found more moisture here than any other place that he had visited on his missions.
The land was strange to him, and it slowed their march.
The towers at the border were set with extra troops, but still were less than adequate to stop his army of veteran soldiers.
Rekkan had led the fight more out of boredom than to set an example for his men.
He lost not a single soldier in the skirmish, if the history books would even call it that.
He was still disappointed.
Max and Joahna should have been at the border long ago.
Yet the tower guards knew nothing of diplomats coming into the Earth Realm.
Joahna had never missed an appointment when it was as important as this.
Max might have been holding him back, but Joahna was more than teacher enough for him.
He hoped that they still remained alive.
He watched as the advanced party moved out of camp to find another location deeper into the Earth Realm.
King Atmos was sure to know of their presence by now.
Rekkan knew that it would still take a few weeks to rally a force to meet his on the battlefield.
He had only that long to find a suitable place to die.
King Atmos stood in the window letting the breeze blow through his open shirt.
The fire wizard Kara seemed to be causing more problems than her brother.
The pair was obviously working together to make him look like a fool.
To avoid any misunderstandings about the boy trial, he had invited every noble within a week ride to attend.
Now every room in the castle had charcoaled furniture and the stewards were struggling to replace it with any peasant is furniture that they could find.
Many of the nobles had fought for his father in the war for the Water Realm.
They felt disgraced by the treatment that they had received since coming to the castle.
Food was burnt, servants were injured leaving tasks undone.
To make matters worse, every room in the castle had become a sauna.
A knock at the door drew his attention, Enter.
Before his command left his lips servants entered into the room to begin tidying it, and to see to the king needs.
Following them where three men two in polished steel from shoulders to feet.
The captain, and his champion also wore cloaks of deep green and carried their helmets under their arms.
Lorusk convinced the king that it would be a waste of such a title as champion and training already spent on Chit and decided to keep him on as the captain henchmen.
Chit took pride in carrying out any duty that made others suffer or commanded groveling respect.
The king knew that given a bit more time, and perhaps a couple of skirmishes, the boy would make a true champion for the realm.
The third man in was a trained but new wind wizard, Mica.
His abilities to maintain wind for prolonged periods of time had come in handy in recent days.
He maintained constant watch over the Fire Realm troop movements and reported in the growing numbers and weaponry.
Although the only thing he could not report was the number of imbuements that the army carried with them.
The young wizard stood cooling himself with his own private breeze.
Soon the king felt the same effect as the breeze from inside the room cooled him.
He was almost angry that he had to put on his formal attire to attend the trial.
Captain, report.
Have the preparations been made.
My lord, the great hall has been arranged as the wizard law books say.
It was overseen by Councilman Brandon Parker.
The nobles are making their way down to the great hall as we speak.
Guards have been sent to bring the traitor up from the dungeons.
Accused, Captain.
Call him the accused in case the ears of nobles are about.
We want to maintain a certain sense of order and law here in the capital.
Of course, mlord, accused until after the ruling has been made.
Stay close, I will want you and the champion by my throne during the trial to show your trustworthiness.
The two men saluted and slammed gauntleted fists against their breastplates.
They exited the room and left the wizard to report.
The servants began dressing the king even as the wizard waited.
He was dressed in silk underclothes that no one would even see.
His father believed that if you felt lordly then you presented lordly.
They would however be able to see the jewel encrusted deep green jacket that they servants carefully slipped onto his shoulders.
How is the border, Mica.
My lord in a manner of speaking, the border is broken.
The Fire Realm has destroyed the towers of Maltchet and moved into the Earth Realm.
They have over forty thousand men, mostly on foot.
Many of them carry their own supplies which makes for faster traveling.
Due to the trees and undergrowth they have encountered, their travels have slowed considerably.
Atmos considered what the scrawny wizard had told him and immediately issued orders.
Find Lieutenant McClanahan, tell him to issue orders to evacuate any city in the army path.
Soldiers in those towns should abandon posts and make for Dumont Point.
We shall rally there to meet the new King Rekkan.
He started to walk away from the king, Have Brandon restore your energy.
I will need you to deliver those orders immediately.
You will not be returning to Deuterium until we have gathered an army to meet him.
Keep a close eye on these villages and give them enough time to get out of the way.
The wizard bowed deeply letting folds of robe brush the floor as they spilled out around him.
Servants brought a small chest lined with velvet and pulled from it the crown of the Earth Realm.
The crown itself had been imbued by the ancient Wizard Heathmos that had separated the lands.
Atmos was sure that it was to be a symbol of power.
He placed it upon his own head, and felt the power of earth flow through him.
No one would take the Earth Realm or any other realm from him today.
He was the king.
Kilen wished that he could see the clothes he wore.
He had not seen light the two weeks that Joahna said had passed.
He was becoming use to his cell.
He could walk from wall to wall without hitting either.
Joahna said that he had cleaned all the dirt from his clothing in his attempt to make him presentable for trial.
The process of cleaning him was not as fun as he imagined.
First there was a rush of cold water all over his body, that soaked his linen shirt and wool pants completely.
Then there was the sudden rush of water out of them, nearly ripping them from his body, which left the clothing dirt free.
He hoped that he did not look like a beggar on the street or a miscreant from a small town.
It seemed to take forever for the guards to come down the hallway.
He heard their heavily armored feet clattering against the floor as they marched towards his cell.
He heard the large key turn the lock and the door open.
He had a hard time seeing into the hallway with torches and lanterns burning bright.
He had to squint to see the guards.
There was no way he could fight until his eyes had adjusted, but he would not do that until they came to get him for his execution.
Five of the heavily armored men entered into the cell and placed cold shackles on his feet and wrists.
They tied them all together with a leather belt and collar around his neck.
He could not stand with the shackles keeping his feet so close together.
Two of them grabbed him by either shoulder and dragged him down the hallway.
When he passed all the guards remaining in the hallway he saw Gortus standing against the wall.
Gortus stopped them and held Kilen chin in his hand, examining his face and eyes.
If there was a message in his look Kilen did not understand it at all.
He picked up his shoeless feet as they dragged him down the hallway and received a strike to the back of the legs.
If you have enough energy to lift your legs walk yourself.
Kilen tried but was moving too slow for the sergeant that had been assigned the task of taking him to trial.
They started dragging him again as soon as he could not keep up.
The dragging was too painful on his limbs so he picked his feet up again.
The process repeated almost the entire way to the great hall.
Twice during the ascent from the depths of the castle he was dropped onto the stairs, causing him to cut his lip.
When he reached the hall doors he was already back to looking dirty, beaten, and bloodied.
He wished he had a second to let Joahna cleanse him again, or heal his wounds.
He lifted his head and saw a woman in a long brown dress.
It buttoned its whole length from the floor to the top of the neck.
Where the neck line stopped the lace began and continued to the tip of her chin.
Then he recognized her, Twilix had her hair done up in a bun with a single strand of hair hanging down to the side of her face.
She looked Kilen over and finally stopped on his eyes.
She moved forward and stood close to him.
The same sensation struck his body, wet then dry and clean.
He felt the icy cold of water healing magic attack his lip and leave it whole.
She said nothing but instead stood on her tiptoes to softly kiss his cheek.
He was not sure if it was the heat of the castle, or the kiss on his cheek but Kilen felt the warmth course through his body.
She nodded to the large oak doors and the guards opened them wide to let them in.
Every space was filled in the great hall.
Rows after rows of chairs were filled with important looking people.
Kilen was not sure who would want to attend his trial.
He was sure that it would be over in moments, and he would be lead to the gallows right after.
He followed Twilix towards the dais where the king lounged in his large throne.
A small wood pen was placed in the center of all the chairs so that all could see the accused.
Kilen was placed inside and forced to kneel.
Guards stood at the ready at either side of the wooden pen.
Twilix leaned in close, Say nothing unless it is asked directly to you.
I will do the best I can with what evidence we have, which is little.
If you have someone you know would have seen something, speak their name so I can call on them.
Izabel, the herbalist, she saw everything, Kilen said in response.
Who are all these people.
Twilix pursed her lips and turned her head to the side, Izabel, you say.
I hope that she is in attendance.
Most of these people are nobles of the realm.
Whenever a weapon bearer is accused they always take an interest.
Each one of them has gained their title and land from being a wielder or descendant of a wielder.
Each one of them could suffer the same fate as you if they are accused.
So you see they take an interest to make sure that you are guilty of the crime, otherwise the king could eliminate them all with the same evidence.
Kilen nodded that he understood, and looked around the room at each of the nobles trying to meet them eye to eye.
She squinted her eyes looking at his face and smiled, The first time we met in Humbridge, I was sure that your eyes were brown.
In this light they look more like gold.
He hoped that having gold eyes would help him.
She patted his hand then moved to sit in the front row to the left of the stand.
Kilen looked around but did not see anyone that he recognized except the wizard council and Gortus.
He wondered if Leroy was able to find Izabel, or if she had left town with his mother.
She was the only hope he had of not going to the hangman noose.
He started to panic and looked around the room for the nearest armor bearers and weapons.
He wondered if he could escape if he tried.
The room was in noisy chatter amongst the nobles, their guards, and servants.
Kilen thought there must have been at least five hundred in attendance.
He was the focus of attention.
He was glad that Twilix did what she could to make him appear worthy of the title, weapon bearer.
Even if she could not make him look any more than the part of a captured one.
Then he saw her.
Izabel set at the midpoint in the section to the left of the small wood pin he sat in.
She sat calmly amongst nobles and guards, but he could not see Leroy anywhere.
The only reason he recognized her was her fingers.
They were brown with dirt and clashed with the bright slender yellow dress she wore.
Other than her fingers she looked the part of a noble, with a wide brimmed flashy hat to match her dress.
He felt some relief at seeing her.
In a loud booming voice the king spoke, Present the charges.
Calvin stood on the first row of the right side and stood in between Kilen and the king.
He turned to the large audience and spoke with the same authority as the king.
Kilen Everheart of the Water Realm and weapon bearer to the Earth realm has been accused of murder to the king scout.
The deceased and victim, Jace Witcom, weapon bearer of the Earth Realm.
Due to the nature of murder between wielders employed by the king of one realm, a charge of treason is here instated.
The punishment for treason is death, by traitor bowl.
Calvin bowed to Atmos and returned to his seat.
Who will represent the realms interest in this trial.
Brandon stood and walked to the center point just to right of where Calvin stood.
Councilmen to the Earth Realm and Earth Realm Seat, I, Wizard Brandon Parker, represent the Earth Realm, he bowed after the statement.
Who will represent the accused in this trial.
Twilix stood and walked to the center point just to the left, Water Wizard Twilix will represent Weapon Bearer Kilen Everheart.
She emphasized the title weapon bearer in her announcement.
She wanted to let everyone know that he was a weapon bearer and not just an accused.
Councilman present your evidence.
Brandon bowed deeply as Twilix moved to stand at Kilen side.
I present Captain Lorusk of the Earth Realm.
The captain moved from the side of the throne to stand at the center point of the floor and faced the king.
Kilen then noticed that it was not just any guard standing next to the king, it was Chit in shining armor, his mule headed sword sticking up from behind his shoulder.
Captain Lorusk, please tell the king what you witnessed on the day of the murder.
I was training the champion in the King courtyard, when the accused dropped from the upper levels.
He landed in front of us with Scout Jace Witcom dead in his arms.
Jace had a Crescent arrow sticking out from his chest, and the accused had a bow in his hand.
I disarmed the accused and confiscated his armaments.
His quiver was full of Crescent arrows.
Brandon walked around the captain as he spoke, Tell me more about these Crescent arrows, Captain.
Sir, Crescent arrows are rare in the Earth Realm, as they are made by a master craftsmen in the Water Realm.
The Crescent arrows are made in the Humbridge township where the accused his born.
Brandon stopped in front of the captain, Thank you, Captain.
You may return to your post.
He started to walk away, but Twilix cleared her throat and he stopped.
If I may, Captain.
He bowed his head and took up his place in the center.
Where is this craftsmen located now.
A man that claims to be Master Crescent, the arrow maker, is residing in the castle grounds at this time.
However, we have not seen him make.
Thank you, Captain.
Now if I would look at your personal quiver, What kind of arrows would it contain.
Think now, because I surely could send a servant to get the items.
It contains Crescent arrows.
Twilix smiled at him, and turned to stand by Kilen once again.
I guess that you have the same right to be in the accused position if it is a matter of what type of arrows are in your quiver.
Perhaps he is the accused simply because he was in the courtyard.
Of course you said you were there also, so again you would be accused.
Perhaps the fact that Mr.
Everheart was holding a dead person makes him the murderer.
In that case, I must have murdered my father since I held him on his deathbed.
Enough, Wizard Twilix.
The king shouted.
Twilix curtsied and bowed her head and returned to her position near Kilen.
The captain simply resumed his position on the king right side.
Next, Wizard Parker.
The next to witness was a man that claimed to see Kilen setting fire to a tavern near the market.
The second witness saw Kilen holding a bow while standing over Jace on a rooftop.
Then woman who saw Kilen shooting arrows at another roof.
Twilix did not acknowledge their words at all.
She simply stood by Kilen side and inclined her head when Brandon was done questioning them.
Chit was then called and accounted to the same as Lorsuk.
Then Brandon finished by accounting that no one was witnessed on the roof tops besides Kilen and Jace.
Twilix still stood and did nothing to rebuttal his evidence.
Jace was a knot of frustration in the back of his mind, My death has become a way to kill you.
It was meant to save you.
The next time I tell you to run, you had better heed my words.
Kilen almost started nodding to acknowledge the man in his head.
Twilix was then told to call her witnesses, Izabel, the herbalist, if you are present would you present yourself to testify.
The crowd started to chatter amongst themselves, especially amongst the nobles.
In her smooth yellow dress and large hat Izabel made her way out of the crowd and to the witness circle in the center of the room.
Twilix walked around her for a moment and tapped her lip a few times before saying anything.
Twilix stood still in front of the woman, examining her from head to toe.
She paid no attention to the crowd as they talked.
King Atmos slammed a fist onto the arm of his oak throne.
The crowd became silent and awaited his voice.
On with the questioning, Wizard Twilix.
He adjusted himself in his throne as if he was bored with the proceedings.
I am sorry, my lord.
I have no idea what to ask her.
I was just informed of her being able to witness, as I was not allowed to speak to the accused before he arrived.
Since he spent the last two weeks in the dungeons, I was denied entry saying supposedly he was too weak to move.
The crowd began to talk again.
Kilen overheard them talking.
Some said he had no right to deny the weapon bearer a council.
Others were talking about the treatment of a weapon bearer, reduced to staying in dungeons where they keep the common criminals.
The crowd was obviously upset with Kilen conditions for the last two weeks.
Twilix let out a big sigh, I will do my best.
She took one more turn around Izabel and finally met her eye to eye.
What is your involvement with my weapon bearer.
Kilen noted she used the words my weapon bearer.
He has on occasion purchased herbs for his food in my store.
Twilix seemed to take ease at the answer.
Can you tell the king what you remember happening on the day of this murder you witnessed.
Izabel inclined her head and then looked up at the king, Your Majesty.
I witnessed no less than six men attack another with arrows and swords on a rooftop near the market square.
I also witnessed Kilen here bravely jump to defend the man on the rooftop.
He then picked the man up and hurried off in the direction of the castle.
The king face turned a shade of red and he started to grind his teeth.
There were others in the market I am sure could account for this if you wish to call upon them, she said.
The king slowly sat up in his throne, I think you are account will be sufficient.
Twilix cleared her throat, I am sorry, my lord.
I believe that if there are more witnesses we must hear from them.
The king started to speak, but before the words could escape his mouth Calvin stood from his chair.
King Atmos held up his hand, I know Calvin.
I will hear the witnesses if they are present.
If they are not then I will make a ruling now.
We have wasted enough time on this trial as it is.
There are matters of the realm that I must see to.
The King was obviously trying to hurry the trial along before he would have more accounts of Kilen innocence.
Twilix turned back to Izabel who was still standing in the center, Can you name them for the king.
Yes, Lord Bach Fulstom, Mistress Neve Scump, the crowd erupted with hysteria at the mention of the noble names as witnesses.
Izabel seemed like she was trying to name more but was cut off by the chaos amongst the nobles.
Finally the king pounded his fist on the arm of his chair three times to bring everyone to silence.
They all returned to their chairs except for the two nobles mentioned.
Lord Fulstom spoke without being recognized by the king, I have no idea what she is talking about, my lord.
I was not in the market square on that day.
Izabel turned to face the noble and smiled, I thought you would remember, my lord.
You were purchasing your normal herbal remedy for WAIT.
The noble glared at Izabel, and she returned a wink.
He took a hard swallow and his eyes flickered between the king and Izabel.
She looked around at all the other nobles in attendance and back at Lord Fulstom.
Was that the same day.
Izabel nodded to say that indeed it was, Well it seems .yes.yes I recognize the boy now.
It is hard with his current condition.
I also witnessed everything that she has spoken of.
The nobles talked amongst themselves as he remained standing.
Izabel was still standing in the center of the room, Perhaps Mistress Scump will need a reminder of her business with me also.
No need, Izabel.
I remember him clearly unlike some of the others.
I witness her accounts to be true, a large woman said from the rear of the crowd.
Twilix turned to Izabel, Is there anyone else you can name a witness to what you saw.
Izabel smiled and pulled a rolled piece of paper out of her sleeve and unrolled it so that it was the length of her forearm.
I have a list here, Wizard Twilix.
A noble stood from the center of the crowd, I do not think that we need to hear the accounts of all those on the list.
If two of the realm most trusted nobles were able to verify her accounts, I would say let there be a judgment so that we can attend to other matters.
Well spoken, my lord.
If the King will allow this list to be passed around I am sure that all the nobles on this list would place their seal upon it verifying Izabel testimony, Twilix said while taking the list from Izabel and brought it to the king.
He looked at the list and saw that it contained the names of nearly every noble in attendance.
He knew that if he went against the evidence the nobles would declare him not fit to rule and rally to overthrow him.
Normally he could call his arms and protect himself, but not while dealing with a Fire Realm Army in his lands.
He knew he had no other choice but to rule in favor of the boy innocence, but it was a hard thing to do because of all his planning.
Yet again the boy would escape and take his sword and claims with him.
In light of the testimony the boy is clearly innocent and I resolve any charges brought forth against him.
In the king words there was no celebration from those in attendance, except those voices inside Kilen head.
A white bird flew circle overhead, as the guards released the catches on Kilen shackles.
There was anger in the king voice as he shouted over the talking crowd, All the heads of the noble house stay for urgent business.
All others depart from my hall at once.
Kilen followed Twilix out of the great hall and as soon as they passed the large oak doors Twilix turned and threw a hug around Kilen neck.
He heard Izabel voice from behind, You owe me another growing, Kilen Everheart.
With that, Twilix threw her arms around Izabel and thanked her.
It was nothing, you can be found innocent of almost anything if you know the right people.
Kilen turned to her, I do not remember any of them being there that day.
Of course you do not Kilen, they were not there, she laughed as if they all understood.
All of those nobles are customers of mine, and let is just say they do not want their remedies revealed to anyone.
Lord Fulstom would deny his ailment to his death bed.
Of course if his wife found out she would kill him anyway, she giggled again.
Twilix and Kilen looked at each other in confusion.
You two need to get out of the castle more often.
Lord Fulstom does not fancy a woman curves but the sweat rolling down a man back.
My remedies are the only reason he and his wife have had three strapping boys.
I am the reason that blood line has been carried on.
Each of those noble houses has a secret that they do not want revealed.
I simply made them think I would reveal their secrets to everyone at once.
Kilen was still confused, Why would the king care about that.
Oh Kilen, he would not.
I think that if he did know their secrets you would be quite dead long before now.
He probably would have had the nobles at each other throats, but this king is not like his father.
This king is a warmonger ruling with his fist instead of his head.
King Atmos simply had no choice but to free you or I would reveal their secrets.
If I did that it would be his fault and they would rebel against him.
Kilen started to understand what she was talking about, but would have to think about what had truly happened in the trial.
I would keep your friends close, Kilen.
The king sacrificed a scout like Jace for a chance at killing you.
You have to know he will try again.
A white bird chirped from overhead emphasizing the truth of her words.
Twilix spoke with a soft voice taking him out of his deep concentration, Come with me, Kilen.
I bet that you would like a decent meal.
He nodded and she slipped her hand into his arm and pulled him through the halls to the kitchen.
Kilen awoke early the next morning.
It felt good to sleep on a straw mattress after two weeks on a stone floor.
He stretched and looked around the empty room.
No one had come to visit him after Twilix had left him at his barracks door step.
He hoped that Leroy would have brought him an extra set of clothing by now.
Brent had sent for Leroy right after the trial conclusion and he still had not made it back to the barracks.
Since there was nothing for him left to do in the barren room he shrugged into the wash stand mirror and opened his door.
Ted stood at the end of the hallway behind his desk.
He seemed very happy to see Kilen standing in the unlit hallway.
Ted grabbed the lantern and made his way to Kilen, I am glad to see you awake so early.
I got a lot of sleep in that cell, besides there no use wasting time.
I have sword lessons to get to.
Ted looked up and down the hallways and opened his hand in front of Kilen.
There lay a gold crown on his palm, They told me to make sure no one disturbed you.
I am very glad you are awake at this hour.
Why did they tell you that, and who.
Sir, I cannot tell you who, only that they did not know how well you paid me.
Here is your gold crown back, sir.
I cannot rightly take it knowing I did not warn you that no one would be here to wake you.
I only ask that you not be mad that I let you sleep.
I could not deny this command.
By the way Ted spoke Kilen knew that he orders had come straight from the king.
He was confused as to why he was not woken.
Ted, do you have any idea why they did not want me up and about this early.
Sir, the whole castle grounds is in chaos.
They are leaving to meet the Fire Realm in battle.
Perhaps the king did not want you coming along.
Everyone is preparing to march out and meet them in battle.
If I were you Id find that manservant of yours that took off the day you were thrown in the cell.
He took all your things and your horses.
Yes, I think I will go and find him.
Perhaps I will find some of my other friends on the way.
Kilen flipped the gold crown back to Ted.
Keep it.
Your information is quite useful, and perhaps I will need a room in this barracks again.
He turned sharply and made for the door.
The training grounds were lit bright as day, but no sun was on the horizon or in the sky.
Recruits with black hats were running all over the grounds packing carts, horses, and packs.
Torches and lanterns bounced about the grounds leaving trails of smoke as they went.
Ted was right, it was chaos and yet there was a silhouette of a man kneeling in the sword rings.
Just like every other day, recruits avoided the area by making wide arcs around it.
Kilen ran straight for it even though he did not have a sword to practice or even intended to practice with Gortus today.
He wondered what was keeping Leroy from coming with his things.
He hoped that Leroy was ok.
When he got to the ring Gortus was kneeling and already praying with his sword laid out on the ground in front of him.
Kilen was unsure what to do without his blade, so he waited for Gortus to finish.
It happened in a flash.
Gortus ended his prayer and snatched up his sword, laying it against Kilen throat.
He put his hand behind Kilen neck, leaving Kilen with no place to retreat.
Your training is finished with me.
You missed two full weeks, and that cannot be undone.
I was being held captive.
Gortus snarled and pressed the blade a bit into Kilen flesh, causing it to bleed a small amount.
Do you really think that I cannot see you using magic every moment.
Even when I am near you have the ability to use magic.
If you can do that, then you can escape from that cell.
I can not use magic when I am near you.
I have not used magic since the day Jace died.
Even if I could I was a captive.
I could not just come out and learn the sword with you.
Kilen was pleading for his life.
He wondered if the king ordered Gortus to kill him.
You use magic as we speak, your eyes are gold.
Every time I am near you when you are unconscious your eyes are brown.
Now they are golden, my father warned me about men who could wield magic near Kapal.
I swear Gortus.
I am not using any magic.
You are wielding magic.
I can see it in your eyes.
Besides, you have had an elemental with you the entire time that you were in your cell.
With an elemental you could have come and gone as you pleased.
I do not know how you do it, but things of magic matter little to me.
What mattered to me was you completing your training.
It is the custom of my people to train their children, and when they are trained they send them into the wild.
If a student fails to be present for a day of training then their training is complete.
Your training is complete, Kilen Everheart.
There is no going back.
The next time we face each other in the blade it will be the death of one of us.
Slowly he removed the blade from Kilen neck, sheathed it, and walked away.
I thought you could be great, Kilen melding Kapal swordsmanship and magic.
Using your magic while being near the Kapal where others could not.
I chose you so that I could teach you enough to be able to meld our races together.
I chose wrong, he said speaking over his shoulder.
Kilen thought it was wrong to keep him from his training just because he had missed one day.
He had missed two weeks, but it was not his fault.
Alexander dropped out of the sky, landing in front of him and watched as Gortus disappeared into the crowd.
Strange, friend that one.
My voices hiss at him when he comes too close.
He pretends not to hear them, but I know he does.
Twilix and Brent requested I find you.
Thanks, Alexander.
Where can I find them.
The wind wizard scratched his head in confusion.
Wellthey did not tell me that.
Perhaps you should look where I last saw them.
Kilen laughed a bit and Alexander face turned ugly, I am sorry, Councilman.
Where should I start looking then.
When I last saw them they were standing outside the food tents waiting for a boy named Leroy.
Perhaps we should both go that way.
I can eat something.
Or did I already eat.
Well you would not know would you.
I just found you.
He laughed and Kilen was not sure whether to laugh or not, Yes I am hungry.
I think I will eat.
The wind gusted and Alexander took flight in the air with flaps of clothing blowing in the wind.
Kilen ran towards the kitchen, trying to follow the wizard.
He managed to run into several men with black hats, each of which apologized as if they had run into him.
Keep your head boy, or we will lose both of ours, Jace warned him.
Remember the king wants you dead.
One way or another he will try again.
Keep your wits about you and listen to my advice.
He wanted to let Jace know that he understood and tried to convey it through his internal emotions.
Max voiced it for him, being more acquainted with his thoughts, He understands.
Kilen weaved in and out of the recruits with the black hats, all of which either carried something or were going to retrieve something to carry.
Eventually Kilen found his way to the tent and saw Alexander eating with the rest of the council and Twilix.
Twilix was in her usual color of blue and stood as soon as she saw Kilen.
About time you got around to seeing us.
Ted told us you had already gone out this morning.
Kilen trusted Twilix over all others at the castle, so he thought to reveal the truth of Ted orders to her.
He was paid by someone to make sure I was not disturbed.
He told me when I woke up, and I think we both know who behind it.
She nodded, The question is, why.
She paused for a moment as the others gathered around.
First thing first, we must retrieve your weapons.
Let us go to the king.
Kilen made a half bow and then faltered and made a full bow trying to show his respect for her.
Follow me, she said.
All the council man led Kilen and he knew exactly where they were headed.
He wished he had something else to wear in the great hall.
Do not relax, a new killer could be anywhere in this castle.
You must think one step ahead, Kilen.
He could have paid someone to pretend to be my long lost love and kill you for revenge.
Watch every corner, every person eyes, and do not let your guard down.
Jace instructions put Kilen on edge, he felt the sudden urge to look behind him every few steps.
He really wished he had his sword to use the water vision.
Better, but not good enough.
You are in the king house, the enemies nest.
You should be very vigilant.
More guards on doors were posted throughout the castle than Kilen had ever seen.
Two now guarded the door to the great hall like they did at the trial.
Brent is commanding voice surprised the dozing guards.
The Wizard Council requests admittance accompanied by Weapon Bearer Everheart.
One of the guards nodded his head and ducked inside.
A few moments later he returned and opened the doors, letting them go inside.
Brent led the way followed by Mary, Twilix, Alexander and finally Kilen.
The hall had been put back in its original dcor, and a small ring of tables and chairs set around the King on the dais.
Nobles filled the chairs.
Kilen counted ten in number.
They had no attendants, wives, or servants with them today.
The castle servants came and went, giving food and wine wherever a noble snapped their fingers.
The King saw Kilen approach, Ah, he back, yet he still looks like a vagrant.
He laughed and the nobles gave an awkward laugh as well.
Mary started to spark a small amount and the king cleared his throat.
To what do I owe the pleasure, council.
We request the return of Weapon Bearer Everheart is weapons and armor.
They were stripped of him and now that he is found not guilty he needs them returned for the march.
The king sat a little straighter in his dais, I am afraid that will not be possible.
I made a deal at the end of spring fest with the council that he would receive training, and if he passed that training he would graduate a weapon bearer and keep his weapons.
Unfortunately, a war is upon us and the recruits must take up the arms that they are qualified for.
He has not passed my tests.
I will be keeping the weapons for someone else in the army, as the deal we made.
Some of the nobles started to sit up in their chairs.
Calvin stood from his chair beside the king and walked towards Kilen.
He leaned in and whispered in his ear, Are you ready to be a weapon bearer boy.
Kilen thought about the questions but did not have time to think on it as Jace was screaming in his head.
YES.
SAY YES., he screamed.
Yes, I am ready, he whispered back.
Calvin turned to the king, He says that he is ready to be tested.
Perhaps your champion could use a little challenge before he marches to war.
You have been training him from the same day that Kilen started.
Why, it should be a pretty interesting match, the champion has received almost two full weeks of extra training.
It matters not, the King waved away a tray of food after taking a grape and throwing it in his mouth.
He does not have a wizard to claim him, so how can he be a weapon bearer.
Alexander spoke up in the back, I will claim him, my lord.
I have seen his skills.
He needs much improvement in magic training, but he is a quick learner.
Yes, the voices say that I should claim him.
That is, if he will take me as his wizard.
They all looked at Kilen while waiting for a response.
He shook his head.
Speak up, boy, I cannot hear you.
I accept Wizard Alexander, things were happening too fast, and Kilen did not understand what was happening.
Twilix took a step forward, I will take him as my wizard, Alexander.
You cannot have him.
I am sorry Wizard Twilix, but you have not served as long as the law requires for you to employ a weapon bearer.
It will have to be this way until the day that you can claim him.
Calvin spoke up again, If wizard Alexander takes him as his personal weapon bearer than you have no choice but to acknowledge his position, my lord.
He has proven himself worthy by a wizard of appropriate age.
I know the wizard law, Advisor.
Now advise me of my decision about this challenge.
What say do I have if Alexander claims him as a weapon bearer.
Calvin bowed deeply, My lord, if you feel he is not worthy of the title then put him to the test.
If he fails then you shall have his imbuements.
If he passes, he will be instated as a full weapon bearer with no contention.
Perhaps you should have someone face him that is worthy of the sword and magic.
The king scratched his chin, Seems if I am gambling instead of ruling.
If I have no choice, then I name my challenge and final test.
Today, within the hour he will face my champion and the earth wizard councilman on the wizard fields.
They started to argue but the king held up a single hand and they fell silent, I will see him worthy of the blade and the magic or I will not consider him worthy at all.
They all nodded their heads.
Noblemen Fulstom stood up, I will take that bet.
If your champion and wizard lose I will provide ten thousand of my best men for your aid in the battle against the Fire Realm.
You might need the help, if the champion falls to a weapon bearer with such little training.
You should be giving me those men whether or not my men win or lose this contest, Atmos snapped.
My lord, I will give men if I am inspired by what the king has given.
I do not wish to send men to their death just because a man son was crowned king.
You have not inspired me by falsely imprisoning a weapon bearer that received his title second generation like yourself.
Perhaps you should show me something that says you have what it takes to follow in your father footsteps before I follow you.
Other nobles began tapping their mugs on the arms of their chairs in agreement with Noblemen Fulstom.
The king face had turned red in anger, but he held his silence in thought.
My bet stands.
If your champion and wizard lose I give ten thousand men to aid you.
If you relent and give this boy the title he deserves, without the fight, I give ten thousand men for your good judgment.
You think that the boy has what it takes to be a weapon bearer.
You have not even been present to see his skills to make such judgment.
My lord, one does not have to be present to hear about a weapon bearer that can walk with his own elemental.
Yet this one is still in training and can fight beside his.
If the rumors are true, no weapon bearer will be able to prove themselves to you.
Not even my own son.
The king turned a tiny bit, but was still red in the face.
I will not admit that he is ready when I know he is not, and I will not be bullied by some pompous noble who thinks he controls the realm.
The contest stands, one hour from now just before the army departs.
Lorusk will meet him there with his weapon and rings.
The wizards all bowed and Kilen did also.
They turned and departed the great hall.
When they passed the doors Alexander put his hand on the back of Kilen neck.
Boy, do not disappoint me like you did when I faced you on the training fields.
I need to ask in private, are you sure that you are willing to be my weapon bearer.
Kilen nodded, To protect me with your life.
To follow every order I give no matter the consequences.
Kilen nodded again.
Then kneel and say it boy.
Kilen knelt on the ground and bowed his head, I vow to always protect you.
Wind Wizard Alexander Barthalamule, the Second, he interrupted.
Kilen started again, I vow to always protect Wind Wizard Alexander Barthalamule, the Second.
I vow to follow orders to my dying breath, no matter the consequences.
Good boy.
Follow me and call me Alex.
Your first order is to defeat two unworthy title holders under the king eye.
He laughed a little, The voices in my head said that they put twenty gold on the king pair.
He kept laughing as he went down the hallway.
The rest of the wizards did not laugh at the thought.
What use is it being a weapon bearer if your wizard does not have confidence in you.
Kilen saw a small white elemental bird flutter past him in the hallway.
Kilen thought, at least it is two against two.
They reached the doors leading out into the training grounds and Kilen felt a hand on his arm.
Twilix looked into his eyes as if to say wait a moment.
The rest of the wizards continued on as he and Twilix remained just outside the door.
I am sorry that I was unable to keep you as my weapon bearer.
I am also sorry that I did not get the training done I wanted to.
There is so much that I could have taught you and things that you need to know now.
It is alright, you have taught me enough.
Just in case I do not get the chance to talk to you again, I wanted thank you for all the sacrifices you made to be able to train me.
I am also sorry for the way I treated you.
Her eyes started to water slightly before she threw her arms around Kilen neck.
It had been awhile since he had enjoyed a hug that much.
He closed his eyes and returned her squeeze.
Captain Lorusk, cleared his throat alerted them to his presence.
Kilen let go of Twilix and accepted the sword back from Lorsuk, who did not say a word.
Instead he grunted as he handed over each item.
Kilen returned the chainger to its place in his waistline and the chain necklace around his neck.
He felt better having the magic return to his body.
He closed his eyes and pushed the water vision to his ability limit.
He felt whole again.
Even Jace, and Max felt a little more at ease.
When he was done re familiarizing himself with the feeling of magic, Twilix led him away holding his arm in hers.
Near the kitchen tents he saw Izabel atop a cart being pulled by his horse.
She smiled and waved at him.
Izabel, what is my horse doing pulling this cart.
I see.
No thank you at all for taking the rope from your neck, she snapped back.
I am sorry, thank you.
You should be, I have lost a fair amount of business calling in favors for you.
They will most likely return, but for now I have lost revenue.
She was all puffed up in her usual way, but dressed more decently, showing a lot less of herself.
Her fingers were once again caked with dirt, and she displayed them proudly.
I am very thankful.
If there is any way I can repay you I will do my best.
She smiled at him, Very well, your thanks are accepted.
It is all that I require.
I came here with Leroy.
He said he had some things to make for you for before you both left for war.
He does owe me, however, so you better keep him in one piece.
I will not bring him along.
His mission was completed as soon as I became a weapon bearer.
He is his own man now.
She smiled, Very well.
You had better get some clothes on in the back here before someone sees you like that.
You look as though you have been working a garden for weeks, she said while examining her own dirty fingers.
Kilen moved to the back of the cart and found a pair of his clothing that would be decent to fight in.
He found a pair of recently fixed boots and all of his armor.
Twilix and Izabel started talking about how Kilen had to face Chit on the training field within the hour.
He felt uncomfortable changing at the back of the cart with Twilix and Izabel chatting at the front.
He took his clothes off and exchanged them for the new.
After he was partially naked he remembered to form a wall of fog around himself so that no one could see.
The he heard Twilix whisper and both the girls giggled, he was sure at his expense.
He reached for the armor to prepare himself for battle when Jace spoke up, Do not.
You will not need it, it will only slow you down.
I have seen Chit in training.
He is slow but powerful.
If you have armor on you will be the same.
Leave it off and you will be untouchable.
Kilen removed his hand from the armor, and both girls were looking at him.
I think I will be better off without it.
If Chit has earth imbuements it will not matter if I have armor on or not.
He smiled at them and they seemed saddened by his remarks.
Do not worry, I am not giving up.
I am just preparing the best way I know how.
He tapped his hand on the end of the cart in the awkward silence that followed.
Well perhaps I should head out to the training field and warm up.
Twilix nodded and they said farewell to Izabel.
Leroy ran up and handed Kilen a water skin and some dried meats.
Glad I caught you.
I put some of my tea in the skin, drink it now and it should help with the fatigue.
Here is some of that meat I made for emergencies.
There are a couple more I will put in your travel bags.
I think I have everything we need now for a few days without resupply.
Kilen faced Leroy, I do not have a lot of time to explain right now Leroy, but thanks for everything.
I no longer need you in my service.
I have been named a weapon bearer.
You can return to your father and Keepers.
Izabel will fill you in on what has happened.
He clapped Leroy on the shoulder, Good luck to you and thank you for everything.
Leroy watched as Kilen and Twilix walked away, he was dumbfounded by Kilen words.
Waitso what am I supposed to do.
he shouted at their backs.
Izabel placed one dirty fingernail on his shoulder.
Near the middle of the training grounds Twilix started talking, One last lesson I can provide you may be your best asset in fighting Brandon.
Earth weakness is that it is too strong.
Kilen was confused by her statement, In nature we see rocks broken apart by water.
We see land carried away by water.
Earth is not as strong as we think it is.
I mean, you were defeated by wind and yet it seems to be the weakest of the elements.
Kilen still did not understand what she was saying to him.
If you find a tiny crack in the earth fill it with water and freeze it and you will see how weak earth truly is.
She kissed him on the cheek just as she had before the trial, but this one seemed to linger a tiny bit longer.
She hurried away without saying another word.
He was standing in the middle of the training area with no one around.
He did the only thing that he could think to do.
He drew his sword, laid it on the ground in front of him, and prayed.
He really did not know still who he was supposed to be praying to but he did anyway.
He imagined it was to the Brights, the protectors of their world.
The ones who would come in a time of despair and rid the world of evil.
He prayed for strength, speed, and cunning.
He prayed for his blade to be swift and true.
He prayed most of all that Chit would not die and be stuck in his head forever.
He stood while sheathing his sword, and Alexander landed in front of him.
Were you talking to the voices in your head.
Kilen laughed, Not yet.
Very well, but I think that you had an astute observation.
Though you had it backwards.
Which observation was that.
To kill the champion my boy.
Doing that would end his torment from losing, and name you a weapon bearer in truth without question.
Kilen thought about his statement and how to answer it, Perhaps, but I do not think the voices in my head wish to hear me regretting it for the rest of my life.
Alexander nodded and patted Kilen on the back.
Just do not make me regret the choice in naming you as my wielder.
Now let me give you a little hint into defeating earth elementals.
I know that Twilix has probably already taught you but I thought I would go over it again just in case you missed it.
Kilen nodded, willing to accept anything that might help.
Do you know how the elements wear away the mountains.
NO, well I have learned that when water freezes it grows slightly, no not growgets larger, no that is not right either.
Ah yes it takes up more space and can even break rock.
Keep this in mind when fighting an earth elemental, even the smallest crack can undo the entire creature.
Kilen nodded again, I think I understand.
Good.
Let us see what you really can do.
You have beaten the fierce Mary, and nearly killed the both of us with that little act of yours during our training.
I think that you will be fine taking on the wizard.
But that brute with the sword, I would avoid his strike if I were you.
Thank you, I will do my best.
Alexander floated off with a smile on his face and landed near the castle wall where Kilen saw the king had just exited followed by Chit and Lorusk.
You guys had better start giving me advice in there.
If its Chit you are worried about, the wizard was correct.
Avoid his strike directly.
Earth magic doubles your strength with each imbuement, and he was larger than you by not a small amount after Gortus training.
Deflect his strokes and dodge them, but do not try and block them directly.
Weaken him by giving small damage and let him bleed out.
It is my advice to pay more attention to what the wizard does.
Jace was a knot of anticipation in his head.
Max answered with his advice, Use what you have been taught in defense.
Gortus has taught you well.
Now use your speed and avoid even the smallest scratch.
They talked as Kilen made his way across the training field.
A small white bird landed on the ground in front of him.
He knew that it was Joahna, but no one else did.
Be ready Joahna, but do not interfere until after Brandon starts his magic.
I will take Chit and you take whatever Brandon brings.
Please do not kill Chit, I do not want to listen to him, and I really do not want to see him die just because of the king desire to see me dead.
The bird let out a trill that sounded as if Joahna understood.
The earth shook beneath his feet and Joahna took flight again.
Kilen looked around and Brandon was standing with legs apart and a determined look on his face.
Every recruit with black hats instantly stopped what they were doing to watch.
Lorusk pointed in Kilen direction and Chit started stomping his way to Kilen.
When he was closer than one hundred paces he drew his sword and the deadly contest began.
Kilen answered Chits sword by drawing his own.
The voices in his head spoke but he had no mind to listen to him.
He was focused and imagined a stronger, taller version of Gortus walking towards him.
They stopped twenty paces from each other and Chit spoke, I did not really like the idea of killing you at first, but it is grown on me.
I will be a hero that killed the traitor even when a king could not.
He held his donkey headed sword out as if testing its weight.
The king made the deal sweeter by making me his champion and letting me lead the battle against the Fire Realm.
I should be given some imbuements of my own after that.
Maybe even make me a weapon bearer.
I am sorry you had to get involved with this.
I am even sorry that I had to get involved in this.
I will try not to kill you Chit.
Ha.
Thinking I am stupid again, eh.
You are trying to soften me up so I do not fight you proper.
Let is get on with it, I have an army to lead.
Chit took a small leap, closing the distance while bringing his sword down from above.
Kilen batted the sword away and Chit followed where it was deflected.
He landed with his face in the dirt.
Kilen was surprised that he did not get crushed by the blade.
Max provided the answer to what had happened, If you are in the air you have nothing to anchor your strength with.
Keep your feet planted and strike from underneath.
Chit was already on his feet and heading towards Kilen with a quickened pace.
Kilen started backing up as Chit swung his sword wildly.
He could feel the wind off of the blade as it whipped by again and again.
Kilen training had been mostly defensive training and it aided him here.
The attacks were full of force, but lacked the grace of Gortus blade.
They were wild, reckless, and easily avoided.
The next swing Kilen anticipated but had become too confident dodging Chit is blade.
The next swing was from the side, leaving Chit is body totally exposed.
Kilen saw the opportunity to attack too late.
Instead, he blocked the attack by holding the blade straight up in front of him.
The impact of the two blades sent his father sword into his own body.
A large cut lay in the skin across his chest and over his shoulder.
The Impact also threw Kilen back.
Chit had learned to anchor his feet.
Joahna went into action in his tiny bird form, fluttering and scratching at Chit is face, trying to give time for Kilen to recover.
Kilen pulled the sword out of the top layer of flesh and his collar bone where it had stuck.
Joahna flew back to land on Kilen shoulder.
He healed him just enough to stop the bleeding from Kilen chest.
Kilen whispered his thanks through his pain and the ground groaned in response.
A lumbering rock giant started to rise from the earth.
Brandon had seen Joahna intervene, and it was time to let the magic battle begin.
Which meant Kilen was fighting Chit alone.
Brandon was standing near the edge of the grounds with feet apart and robe flapping in the wind.
His face seemed to be carved of the same stone rising from the ground.
Joahna answered his magic call, growing in size and changing from a small bird to a liquid giant hawk.
Chit watched as both formed their elementals on the battlegrounds.
The short amount of time gave Kilen enough time to recover enough to stand.
He examined the wound, it was now mostly a cut on the skin.
Chit smiled at seeing the still wet blood on Kilen and once again closed the distance.
Kilen grew a tiny bit angry and started to fight back, dodging where he could.
He landed a scratch to Chit is upper arm, and another to his left thigh.
Max had said to weaken him, and that is all Kilen could do.
He had not been taught to attack.
He tried his best, and Chit seemed to respond.
His sword strokes became more controlled, and Kilen had to control his defense as well.
He started to deflect Chit is blade instead of just dodging it.
Kilen was so concentrated in the fight he had forgotten about Joahna and Brandon.
The two behemoths were fighting.
Joahna tried scratching loose boulders from the rock mass.
Brandon batted away the giant eagle, treating it as a nuisance.
Joahna was not making much progress against the three story tall rock beast and decided to do what he could to keep the elemental away from Kilen.
Joahna hoped it would be long enough for him to finish the fight with Chit.
He began gathering water and freezing the massive stones.
Brandon crushed the ice between the rocks and moved his lumbering elemental towards Kilen.
Kilen was still backing away from Chit as he continued his violent attack.
Kilen felt the ground start to shake and heard the earth ripping apart behind him.
A large crack formed into the ground and lowered the ground Kilen now stood.
On the other side of the crack, a wall of dirt shot into the air.
Brandon was trying to force Kilen into Chit is hands.
He tried to undo what Brandon had done by forcing the crack closed, but was unable to budge the earth.
Kilen leapt from his sloped ground up to the edge of the earth wall.
Before he could land, the land returned to its normal shape causing Kilen to fall twenty feet.
Kilen slammed on his stomach knocking the wind out of his lungs.
He would have probably broken bones if they were not reinforced by the magic of earth.
A loud grating sound started to fill his ears that were still ringing from the fall.
He turned his head and saw a great rock hand and arm scraping along the ground, coming at him with incredible force.
Just before it collided something grabbed Kilen around the waist and lifted him into the air.
The arm followed, but was too lumbered and heavy to catch him.
Kilen looked up to see Joahna still in the great bird form.
Joahna spoke, I cannot help you.
We do not have that many earth weapon bearers that can summon elementals in my realm.
I have no idea how to fight him.
Just keep trying, I will do my best.
It was all they had time to discuss before Joahna was struck with a rock sending Kilen tumbling towards the ground.
Joahna put his bird form back together in enough time to claw at Kilen foot, ripping the leather boot but keeping him from hitting the ground.
Joahna healed him as he tossed him into the air, flipping Kilen end over end to land on his feet.
Unfortunately, he had not healed Kilen fully and he collapsed with pain as he struck the ground, A little help if you can, Max.
Instantly Kilen started to feel relief from the pain in his foot.
He stood and once again felt the earth shift, elevating the ground on which he stood.
He went tumbling down the short hill and rolled towards Chit.
Jace spoke in his head, Stay focused.
If you watch the way the magic moves in the earth you will be able to see the rocks change direction before they start moving.
Kilen opened himself to the earth magic and could see Brandon hold on the rocks.
It distracted him from seeing Chit moving towards him at a determined pace.
Back on his feet, Kilen felt the earth magic behind him just in time to see the rock hand hit the ground and start pushing him towards Chit.
He jumped over it into the air and the arm lifted off the ground.
He saw it start moving and he used it to leap farther away from Chit.
Chit started swinging his sword in the air in front of him.
He had spent less than half the fight actually fighting.
Kilen was trying to gain some time.
He felt the earth magic shift in the ground, starting to create another crack.
Kilen stepped to the other side before the earth shifted.
It sent him even farther across the training field.
He now had a large distance between Brandon and Chit.
Joahna still tried to attack the beast and even tried to attack Brandon.
Kilen saw Brandon bring a dome of rock above him to shield him from Joahna attack.
He looked like a rock egg protruding from the ground.
They needed to find a way to break the rock apart and take Brandon out of the situation.
Kilen looked at the nearest stone and tried to remember the advice Twilix and Alexander had given him.
He used his earth magic and found a small crack in the rock surface.
He filled the crack with water from the air and froze the water.
Bits of rock exploded into the air because he had froze the earth too quickly.
He now had his weapon and if he could get the information to Joahna, they would be able to devastate their adversaries.
Kilen started racing across the ground and pillars of rock burst from the ground.
He avoided it thanks to the earth magic.
Kilen saw Joahna circling the area high above him so he decided to show him his new weapon.
He found a crack in the rock pillar and as quickly as he could forced water into the crack.
When he froze the water in the crack, fragments of rock pelted him and the surrounding ground.
He took cuts from the flying fragments.
It ripped his shirt and pants, but over all of the noise he heard Joahna screech in understanding.
Soon rocks started exploding everywhere.
Even chit ducked behind a rock to shelter himself.
Moments later the egg like barrier Brandon had hidden inside broke like a dropped egg.
He forced the fragments away from himself so he came out uninjured.
Kilen checked the cuts and could barely rise from the damage he had taken.
When he was able, he found Chit not walking towards him but away.
Kilen followed slowly, watching the earth magic and the water around him.
He watched Chit as he walked up to the wizard backing him.
He sheathed his large sword in the sheath on his back.
When he was in speaking distance to the wizard he reared back and punched Brandon in the face.
The frail wizard feet left the ground and went limp from the impact.
Chit flexed his hand and drew his sword and turned back to Kilen.
Kilen was not sure if Chit was tired of not participating, or if he thought Brandon was causing all of the debris on the field.
Neither of which mattered, they still had to finish the fight.
Kilen saw a stand of junky training swords on the side of the field that had tipped over.
He picked one up and sheathed his father sword.
He hoped Chit would understand, so he held the weapon above his head.
When the pair was only a few paces apart, Kilen removed the chain of rings from his neck and put it in his pocket.
Chit nodded and pointed his large blade at Kilen blade chainger.
Kilen removed the chain and let it hang from the sheath.
Chit turned his neck and Kilen heard the joints pop in response.
Chit shed his wrist of the imbued bracer, and of the rings on his fingers.
Kilen had chosen right, Chit would not be able to back down from a challenge.
Especially when the challenge was from a weaker man.
The fight resumed, but the weakened pair fought slowly and ungracefully.
They had bled too much from the wounds their bodies had taken.
Kilen knew the fight would not last much longer.
He fought on, dodging and deflecting, and found that he was on more of an equal foot than with the magic.
The difference in strength was as much as before.
Kilen began blocking with the blade instead of deflecting and found more time to attack.
He made a small cut to Chit is shoulder, then to his stomach.
Chit was now on the defensive.
Kilen struggled to figure out how to attack.
Jace flashed images into his mind, which he tried his best to imitate.
Before long, Chit was starting to stumble and finally went to his knees.
He held his sword up in front of him, swinging it slowly.
Kilen stood back and watched as Chit swung at nothing.
The next swing brought Chit to his stomach.
His breathing was labored.
Chit was dying.
Kilen heard a booming voice from near the castle.
It was the king.
Finish him, he said.
A large amount of commotion on the sidelines and several people ran out on the training field.
Kilen made no move to finish Chit off but waited as his breathing slowed.
He knelt down beside Chit, hoping that he would not have another death to weigh on his conscious.
He looked up to see Lord Fulstom arguing with the king.
Brandon had regained his consciousness and was joining in the argument.
Soon there was an opening from the crowd and Twilix ran out onto the field.
She met Kilen eyes as she neared Chit.
She knelt down and Kilen saw Chit is body go rigid and start to shake.
The wounds on his body closed and Kilen helped to give him the energy he would need to survive her healing by holding onto one of the rings in his pocket.
Chit started to stir and Kilen felt a wave of cold healing flow through his body.
Twilix smiled and took Kilen hand, pulling him away from Chit.
She walked him to stand in front of the king and pulled Kilen hand towards the ground.
He took the hint and knelt.
The king took a moment before speaking, I find you worthy of your father name and the title of weapon bearer.
Rise and join the ranks of my army.
Whatever the argument the noble and Brandon had given was enough to save Chit is life.
King Atmos issued orders for formation to be made, and waved Alexander to his presence.
The wind wizard descended from the sky to land in front of him.
Bring your weapon bearer to the great hall.
If he can handle defeating a councilmen and a fully trained soldier at once, then he should be able to handle the task I have for him.
Alexander bowed, and waved Kilen to follow him.
Twilix let go of his arm, and smiled as he left.
Kilen followed the group down the hallway while the King gave out orders to various high ranking officers.
Get the army assembled.
I will speak to them shortly.
Find the wizard council and have them meet me in front of the formation for imbuements.
Assemble the carts and wagons for departure and bring my horse around to the front.
He pointed at each officer and they slammed gauntlet encased fists against their chests as he issued the orders.
Kilen did not see what the hurry was about, the Fire Realm had already invaded the realm from what rumors Joahna had brought him.
Jace spoke in his mind, Protect yourself.
It was all he had to say, Kilen remembered he was still without his imbuements.
He replaced the chainger and pulled the chain of rings from his pocket.
He was sure to slow his footing before touching either, as to not jump into the ceiling.
He still managed to stumble a small amount.
The group looked at him strangely when he did.
Soon Mary, Brandon, and Brent caught up with the precession and followed into the great hall.
The king yelled at the servants to have his battle armor brought down, then sat in his throne.
Kilen was unsure what to do so he chose to go to one knee and place his hand on his blade hilt.
Alexander puffed himself up a little when Kilen did.
Ah yes, Kilen, the weapon bearer.
I have a task fitting for one of your talents.
Yes, my king.
The King nodded in approval but still wore a vicious smile.
My scouts have recently confirmed the location of a camp of rebel wizards in the northern forest.
I have great need of their abilities in this war.
Having more imbuements and wizard elementals could save many lives.
You will go to them and convince them to meet us on the battlefield when we meet the Fire Realm.
Alexander broke into the conversation, My lord, we believe those to be the elder wizards.
Surely you do not mean to send a weapon bearer to confront the most powerful wizards in all the realm and force them to join you in battle.
I do, Alexander.
They should be helping.
It is their purpose to discourage war.
Mary stepped in also, They are only obligated to make their presence known if all of the wizard laws are not being followed in the realm.
You hold fire wizards captive and you know they will not agree to aid you in this fight with that happening in your very own castle.
Nonetheless, Kilen you will approach them and make my request known.
You are orders stand.
Bring me the rebel wizard force or die trying.
Those are the options.
Calvin stepped out from behind the curtains.
I will not stand as your advisor when they bring down their wrath upon you, King Atmos.
The king turned to look at Calvin, Then your time as advisor to the king as finished.
Brandon, I name you advisor.
Bring forth a new earth wizard for council.
In the meantime the council should prepare to travel.
Brandon you will handle matters here in Deuterium while I am away.
Brandon stepped up on the dais and looked into his father eyes.
Kilen sensed a bit of shame in the look that he received.
Calvin looked over at Brent and nodded and turned to leave through whatever secret passage he had appeared.
Will your weapon bearer accept this mission, Alexander.
Or shall I ready the traitor bowls.
The traitor bowls do not scare me and neither do these wizards, elders or not.
The voices in my head advise against it, but I have never been one to listen to them anyways.
We will perform the mission.
I get the feeling that you think you will be joining him.
He will do this alone.
Your place is with the council on the battlefield, Alexander bowed his head.
The king turned back to face Kilen, still kneeling in front of him.
Seek out the rebel wizards and bring them to me.
You will leave within the hour.
Go.
Kilen stood and slammed a fist to his chest.
An officer who was standing at a table walked over and handed Kilen a folded map he presumed had the location of the wizard camp.
Kilen all but ran from the hall to start gathering his things.
Leroy caught up to him halfway to the barracks with Izabel bouncing in the seat of the cart beside him.
Hey, what is going on.
Kilen stopped.
Leroy had all of his belongings and he would probably need Leroy help to find them in the cart.
I have a mission to go on and need to pack my things.
I leave within the hour by order of the king.
Leroy got down and started to pack Kilen saddle and prepare his horse for a journey.
Kilen, I made Izabel a promise in order for her to agree to testify on your behalf.
I do not think that my father would think highly of me running out on a promise.
So if you happen to be headed in that direction could you tell him I am fulfilling an obligation.
I bet you are right.
He probably would not want you running out on a promise you made.
They packed the horse together and split what gold Kilen had left down the middle.
Kilen was still surprised that he still had much more than he had started with.
It did not take long for Kilen to pack all of his things.
He noticed that many of the recruits had started to form ranks on the field and saw Charger head above the recruits walking down the lines.
He knew that Bowie was probably leading him.
He would not let just anyone handle his horse.
Kilen mounted, waved a farewell to Leroy and Izabel, and raced into the sea of black hats.
He found Bowie amongst the recruits, wearing a black hat and fine long red feather.
Bowie smiled up at him, Good show you put on earlier.
I would have liked it if you could have kept the rocks from hitting my men.
Your men, well, you think highly of yourself.
I thought you were just an arrow maker, and now you own an army.
The two laughed together a moment before Bowie replied.
Well, things change, he paused a moment and took the red feather out of his hat and replaced it with a green feather with three gold stripes.
They change faster when we focus our efforts on the ones we love.
Kilen was not sure what Bowie was talking about, and when he started to ask he was interrupted by an armored soldier on foot.
Master Crescent and Weapon Bearer Everheart, the wizard council requests your presence at the front of the formation.
They followed the messenger to the front, where Chit already stood in a gleaming suit of armor, carrying a shield with a giant oak painted on the front.
The soldier waved them to stand next to Chit.
They dismounted and lead their horses so that they would stand next to Chit.
Kilen looked around and watched the last of the recruits and soldiers fall into place in formation.
Then Alexander magic made thunder and lightning boom over the army.
They immediately fell silent to listen.
Congratulations on a job well done.
This season we have developed one of the most talented groups of archers this realm has ever seen.
You will be a devastating force against the enemies that now threaten our lands.
It is my pleasure to be able to lead off the traditional recognition of the most talented members of training for this year.
Each of the wizard council has chosen a member of this army to receive a magic imbuement of their magic to aid in this army task.
I have chosen Bowie Crescent.
The army erupted with cheers and many soldiers took off black hats and waved them around above their heads.
Alexander approached Bowie and handed him a single bead the size of a pearl.
He tied a string with the bead and attached it around Bowie wrist.
Brandon approached Chit and clasped the bracer that was around his forearm.
When he was finished, Kilen saw the familiar oak tree marked on his bracer.
He knew that Chit deserved it, no matter how much of a bully he was.
Mary, Brent, and Twilix all approached Kilen.
Mary spoke, The king does not wish us to provide you with anymore imbuements in fear that you would grow too strong too fast.
He has no choice in this matter.
I give you the flame of life so that you can better understand your sister.
Twilix tied a string that with a closer look was made of braided metal, containing two beads much like the ones Alexander gave Bowie.
Kilen felt warm and cold all at once run through his veins when she placed it on his wrist.
She then put her hands on either side of his face and gently kissed his cheek, It is my honor to give you yet another water mark, for one who is so talented in magic.
I am able to provide this because Brent has become too weak in the magic to imbue any more pieces.
His power will grow much as yours will.
She took a step back, take care of yourself Kilen Everheart.
I shall not forgive you if you go and get yourself killed before I can finish your training.
Kilen nodded to her and smiled.
Her eyes watered a little before she turned to resume her position behind Brent.
Kilen was surprised by the two new imbuements, even his own wizard did not have enough confidence in him to give him one.
He looked down at the small beads marked with water and fire magic symbols.
The he felt no emotional difference with the addition of the two new pieces.
He did feel the ability to use the magic he had been given.
He found himself staring at the fire emblem.
It reminded him why he had begun this journey.
His sister still sat in a cell beneath the castle, one which he was sure was identical to the one he had just escaped.
He had spent so long pondering his new found magic he had not noticed the ceremony had finished and the first rank of soldiers now followed the King out of the training grounds.
Bowie was patting his horse and Mary, Alexander, Brent, Brandon, and Twilix surrounded the two.
Chit was mounted and trailing behind the king like a trained warhound to bid its masters wishes.
Bowie turned and faced Alexander, You were watching me outside my archery range that night.
I was, and the voices were impressed with what you accomplished both on and off the range.
I happen to agree with them after seeing so many in black hats today.
Well done, you deserve the imbuement.
I will be along the road with you and will provide you training in it on the way.
Voices.
Bowie asked.
Alexander laughed, Yes, the ones in my head.
He smiled at Bowie but said no more.
Bowie turned to Kilen who shrugged.
Kilen had his opportunity to get answers to questions from Bowie that he had been wanting to ask.
Why are they wearing black hats like yours anyway.
Well, I started by buying extras for myself.
Hats of this quality are hard to find in Humbridge.
It turned into a bit of symbol for accomplishment.
The next time I looked around there was a whole ranking system built into the feathers they wear, and a bit of prestige of being trained by Master Crescent, himself.
He puffed up at the last and held on the to his dark green embroidered jacket where it buttoned up the front in gold buttons.
I have one set aside for you if you want to come and get it now, Kilen.
Kilen smiled and thought of Jace, I am sorry, Bowie.
A great scout once told me there are two types of scouts in the king army.
Ones for show, that flash their allegiance, and ones that can disappear into a crowd.
I do not think I could disappear with a hat like that on my head.
The whole group laughed at his remembrance of Jace.
Brent and Brandon seemed a bit sad at the remark but laughed anyway.
I have some things I need to do before I leave, Bowie.
Take care of yourself, and I will see you on your return to Deuterium.
Take care of Kara for me.
Bowie tipped his hat and Kilen turned to Mary.
May I see her before I leave.
If I do not bring my sword with me.
The king has left the castle.
I am sure that a visit to your sister could be arranged.
She smiled, I think that you will be impressed by the progress she has made.
Brandon cleared his throat, I am steward for the king while he is gone.
I grant that request, no sword mind you.
Although I did see what the king felt threatened by.
I think that after today there is nothing to stand in your way if you wanted what he fears of you.
A short visit, no sword.
Kilen was surprised by Brandon willingness to give him a visit to his sister, but then he thought he should.
She was not a prisoner, but a dangerous guest.
Twilix and Mary agreed to accompany him to the cells.
Twilix spoke up, I need to visit with her anyways.
It seems as if the king has requested that I stay here to see to all of the fire wizards while Mary is away.
She looked at Brent, I hope you can handle Mary on the road, too much riding seems to make her cranky.
They both laughed at that.
Kilen would have liked to stay and chat, but time was running short for him to stay in the city.
Excuse me while I visit my sister.
I am sorry, I have mission to complete.
Alexander caught him by the shoulder.
You will not be running off just yet, he reached into his folds of robes and pulled out a single bead marked with the element of wind, Mind you, I cannot give you this yet.
I will lend you an imbuement as it is my right as a wizard.
He looked at Brandon, who nodded in acceptance, I will give you one as soon as I can.
You will need all the magic you can get if you face the elder wizards.
Mind your tongue with them and use your sense, and they might just accompany you to this war.
Kilen nodded to him, I will do my best.
He strung the bead onto the braided metal band with the ones Mary and Twilix had given him and attempted to tie it back on his wrist while walking towards to castle.
Twilix pulled his arm stopping him.
She took the braided metal cord that it came on and with soft hands gently tied it around his wrist.
Her fingers started to linger just a moment before letting go.
She looped her arm around his again and walked him through the corridors down into the depths of the castle.
He wondered if they were close to where his old cell was.
Soon they arrived at a hallway with a single torch at the end.
Mary waved at the fire and talked with the guards, declaring they had permission to take him in.
They approached the door and Mary stopped him a few paces away.
Twilix started to talk, Close your eyes.
He did as she commanded.
Feel the water in the room.
Sense your sisters presence and the void of water within.
Mary picked up where she left off.
Feel the void.
It is filled with fire magic.
It radiates from your sister inside.
That is why you cannot sense her with water magic.
Can you see anything at all inside the void.
She asked with a tone in her voice that hoped he would.
I see nothing, he said disappointed in himself.
Open your mind, look into the void, focus on it.
Feel the fire inside it, fire is different than the earth and water.
It is constantly moving.
It is hungry and consumes of everything it touches.
As she spoke, Kilen listened to her words and concentrated on the void in the room.
Fire is movement, movement produces heat, they are one and the same.
Slowly Kilen began to see waves moving in the air waves of heat like ripples running away from a pebble thrown in a pond.
The waves took shape around an object, the object was his sister.
The waves took on a color when he focused on them like the blue of the water vision.
He saw the yellow of fire magic in the room.
Where they yellow left off the blue water vision began.
He watched the colors for a moment as it continued to grow in brightness in the center of his sister chest.
Why is there a ball of flame in my sisters chest.
Mary clapped and Twilix nearly jumped up and down as she bounced on her toes in elation.
That is what we call the flame of the heart.
Each magic affects emotions, and emotion that fire magic affects is passion.
Passion that can grow so warm it produces flames.
Passion that when viewed by others can seem to look like anger.
Your sister has learned very well the control over her passion.
Kilen thought for a moment and felt his passion grow in his chest and he nearly understood.
He was passionate to see his sister walk in the open air.
Sparks flickered at his fingers and it scared him into losing his train of thought.
Easy, not so fast.
You will want to experiment when you are alone and you cannot damage anything, or start a fire in the woods like I did.
He opened his eyes and she smiled.
Let is go in and say hello, as long as she does not turn into an inferno you should be fine to handle her heat.
Mary started to put the key in the lock and heard Kara yelling from the other side, Wait.
I am not ready yet.
The anger or passion in her voice started to change, I said WAIT.
When he entered she was sitting on the bed and flames burst up around her body as he entered through the door.
Kilen felt the heat and knew it should have hurt him, but it felt more like standing in the sun on a warm summer day.
He enjoyed it and that scared him.
He thought that Kara deserved a little surprise and he walked up to her and hugged her.
It hurt a small amount but soon the flames died down and he heard her crying.
Do not be sad.
I am ok.
I just wanted to see you before I had to leave for my first mission.
She took a step back and hit his arm.
You scared me.
I could have burned you to a crisp.
Flames started to trickle up her arms again as she wiped away the tears that had already dried on her hot skin.
Kilen was unharmed from her flame and heat but his clothing had taken a couple burns.
He looked into the mirror and examined the damage.
Jace gave his comment, It adds to your ability to blend with the more common.
Keep it.
Kara, I just wanted to say goodbye.
Because the king has already marched for war his adviser granted me a short visit.
She started to talk and he put a finger to her lips, Concentrate on increasing your skills.
I want to get you out of here before he can think of any more plots for the both of us.
I have the feeling he will continue to use your presence until he successfully kills me.
I love you and will return to see you as often as I can.
He hugged her, kissed her on the forehead, and left before the tears could run down his own cheeks.
He walked past Mary and Twilix who were still standing in the hall before they could get a good look at him.
Mary entered the room to see Kara with tears running down her face.
Twilix entered and immediately gathered water to her dress so that it was dripping water like a fountain at the hem.
Kara, I would like you to meet Twilix.
I have been ordered to leave with the army and I do not want you to be left alone.
She will help you learn to control your magic as we have both taught each other to control the elements born in us.
I have to leave shortly so I wanted to say good bye until I return.
Twilix will take good care of you.
The speech was short but effective.
She left the room and left Twilix and Kara staring at each other.
I will miss him too, she said and Kara burst into a tears.
Twilix wrapped her drenched arms around Kara and the room hissed and filled with steam.
She heard Kara whimper between sobs, He never lets me say good bye.
